As an introvert, how do you feel about this quote by Jim Carrey? “Solitude is dangerous. It’s very addictive. It becomes a habit after you realize how calm and peaceful it is. It’s like you don’t want to deal with people anymore because they drain your energy.”
 
What is the most intimate, non-sex thing you do with your partner?
 
What do women do, that men would never think about?
 
Women who gave "nice guys" a chance how did it work out?
 
What are some things that guys misinterpret from women as "she's interested in me"?
 
Has anyone made a deal with a friend that if they weren’t married by a certain age they would marry one another and actually followed through? How did it go?
 
Would you consider this cheating, or is my girlfriend overreacting?
 
Would you trade monthly periods for laying a small egg every morning like a chicken? Why or why not?
 
What's the worst well-inentend romantic gesture a SO ever did for you?
 
What is a personal and intrusive question that you get asked (that you suspect men don't)?
 
The first ever shaving commercial to feature women with body hair was released in 2018. What changes would you like to see in advertising directed at women in 2019?
 
What are some grooming/hygiene/beauty tips that you had to pick up on as an adult that seem obvious to others?
 
What kind of situation could be normal for men but weird for women?
 
Women who pee on the seat of a toilet and leave it there.... why do you do that?
 
What common criticisms of women or femininity make you cringe?
 
What’s your “never again” story?
 
What is the pettiest thing you have done after a breakup?
 
How do you prevent yourself from melting into a lazy puddle of goo the moment you walk into your home after work?
 
What screams out "fuckboy"?
 
What’s the smallest, most annoying thing your partner does?
 
Women who waited until you were in your late 30's or older to have kids: If you have any regrets you waited what are they? What do you think are smart things to consider for people who want to wait to have kids?
 
Married couples of AskWomen! What’s that moment which made you go “okay, I’m gonna marry her/him”?
 
This “Millennial Burn Out” article has a theory pertaining to just women called “The Second Shift”: The idea that women who’ve moved into the workplace do the labor of a job and then come home and perform the labor of a homemaker. Does anyone else relate to this? Link in comments.
 
Ladies, lets say you invited a guy you've been dating for a few weeks over to your place. Hypothetically, what would be the least awkward way for him to ask where the plunger is?
 
Have you ever had that moment of relief when you’ve found out that the thing you do or your body does/thing that happened to you or your body/situation you’ve found yourself in etc is completely NORMAL, and if so what was it?
 
Ladies in your twenties, do you ever struggle between trying not to dress like today's teenagers and trying not to look too mumsy/frumpy? What do you do?
 
What was a promise you made to yourself in a young age but broke later on?
 
What not so glamorized career path is actually a pretty good one?
 
As someone whose mom never really talked about self care, what are some of your feminine hygiene tips? How do you keep it fresh done there? Favorite products?
 
Women of Reddit: What is the porn video you always come back to?
 
what's the most cringey/'didn't quite pull it off' pinterest thing you've seen at a social event irl?
 
What’s a personality trait you could never accept in a S/O?
 
What is the worst/rudest way you’ve been rejected?
 
What has your biggest “a-ha” moment been in therapy?
 
Have you ever done a “staycation” where you booked a hotel in your own city and spent a night/weekend there, alone, just to recharge and get away? How was it?
 
What was the moment you realized your SO really, truly loved you?
 
What moment made you realise you had romantic feelings for your friend?
 
Why aren’t men’s underwear as much as a sexual fetish to women as women’s underwear are to men?
 
Women that have had a baby by themselves using a sperm bank, how was your experience?
 
What are some female character written by a male writer moments that made you go "This guy is so out of touch with women"?
 
What is the silliest myth you've ever heard or had to debunk about being a woman?
 
Have you ever broken up with someone you loved because you felt your emotional needs weren't being met?
 
If someone were watching your life like it was a movie, at what point would they have gone "oh, come on, why would you do that!?"
 
How does the person you ended up with compare to who you thought you’d end up with?
 
I’m absolutely terrified of pregnancy and giving birth. What is it like? What makes it ‘worth it’?
 
If there were “introvert pods” you could go into to get some peace and quiet during the day, how often would you use them?
 
What is your experience turning down someone who doesn’t handle rejection well?
 
Married Women of Reddit - What one thing could your SO do that would instantly make you happier in your marriage?
 
Who is your favorite empowered female character that didn't have to overcome trauma from rape, abuse, etc to be considered empowered?
 
What is a sweet gesture you can do for your SO to make them feel loved?
 
Has anyone been in an abusive relationship but didn't realize it until after the fact?
 
Hey ladies, when's the last time you laughed by yourself while eating a salad?
 
What everyday objects are not designed with women in mind?
 
What's something other than rolled up sleeves that makes a man's outfit attractive?
 
What's your "ask your husband's permission" story?
 
How old were you when you realized that the world was a dangerous place for women, and what happened to trigger that realization?
 
Ladies who are in a serious relationship, do you ever feel that you love your partner more than they love you? Have you ever brought this up with them?
 
Does it bother you that women are very often referred to as girls even in mature and sexual contexts?
 
That friend of yours that’s always single, what do they need to hear to that they just won’t accept?
 
How do female athletes deal with menstruation during a big sports event?
 
Satan opens up Heck, a lighter version of hell. What kinds of things happen there?
 
Why do older women cut their hair shorter?
 
“In a meeting, a woman contributes an idea and is ignored. A man repeats the exact same idea and is praised for it” - in your own experiences, how true is this?
 
People whose S/Os are considered very attractive, what are your best stories of them getting hit on around you?
 
Women named Karen, what is your opinion on your name becoming synonymous with privileged/entitled white women in today's culture?
 
What advice commonly given to women is f*cking terrible in practice?
 
What's a memory from your childhood that sticks with you despite it being totally mundane and uneventful?
 
How did you learn to French braid, and which necromancer taught you
 
How good does it feel to just throw sh*t away and clear out your home?
 
How common is it that your partner knows nothing about female anatomy?
 
What do you do when you keep thinking about an ex—off and on for several years?
 
Women who regret having children, why?
 
We all know how words like "bossy" and "shrill" are disproportionately used to describe women. What are some other words you hate because of their gendered slants?
 
I had a bad Christmas and want to start cheering up for the new year. What's something nice that happened during your holiday that made you smile?
 
Ladies, what seemingly "too good to be true" products actually work?
 
How many people think that the right hairstyle can change the overall image?
 
What's the weirdest thing you've done as a result of social anxiety?
 
In having depression, what does a “bad” day, week, or month look like for you and how do you improve or have less of these occurrences?
 
Ladies who once feared their SO was merely settling for them: what incident proved you wrong and put those fears to rest?
 
What is an actually good movie that too often gets dismissed as a “chick flick”?
 
What female character tropes/cliches irritate you the most?
 
What are some of the most ridiculous examples of bad design without women in mind?
 
How would you feel being asked at the end of a date, "Can I kiss you?"
 
What's something you want but don't ask for much because you don't want to seem needy?
 
Ladies, what makes a man trashy?
 
What is the most uncomfortable thing about being a woman?
 
How often do you have trouble telling apart someone just being friendly with you and someone showing interest in you?
 
Ladies what would you think/do if you find out your boyfriend has a flashlight?
 
Ladies who want to eat healthy but are too lazy to cook, what's a quick and easy meal you make?
 
What fashion/beauty no-nos do you personally like?
 
Where did camis with shelf bras go?
 
Have any of you taken a chunk of time to intentionally not date and focus on yourself? What did you do during that time for fun and/or self improvement?
 
Ladies, have you ever been creeped out by a man you initially found physically attractive? What happened?
 
What are some little things your s.o. does that make them a joy to live with?
 
Why are romantic movies full of so many toxic relationship ideals?
 
I have been feeling kind of depressed about all the bad news going on in the world, what are some good things that are happening, that the news isn't covering?
 
You're at a job interview and they ask you, "what is your weakness?" - what would you answer?
 
Stolen from r/AskMen: What change did you make this year that's had the biggest positive impact on your life?
 
Do you ever wonder about female stereotypes of bygone eras? For example, what was the 1860s equivalent of a woman who wears Uggs and loves Starbucks? Or maybe there is no similar stereotype. What other "types" of women may have existed in the past, but don't today?
 
What’s the saddest story your parents ever told you about their lives?
 
I've been invited to a "Dress to Kill" party in August. This can be anything from an assassin to a giant bacteria. Has anyone got any ideas of a good female character to dress as?
 
What are some acts of kindness you do around the holidays?
 
Do you see red flags in the romantic relationships of any of your friends? What are they and why doesn’t your friend see them?
 
What moment made you look at your SO and think, "Wow, they must really love me"?
 
What's your biggest failure in life?
 
What do you think of men who breathe?
 
Men lurking r/AskWomen, what have you learned in r/AskWomen?
 
Do you shower with a tampon in? Why or why not?
 
For sexual assault survivors, did you have trouble calling it rape due to the circumstances (i.e. he claimed you consented but you don't remember)? How did you get over that, or did you?
 
What do you look for in a romantic partner that you don’t need in a friendship?
 
when meeting a guy for the first time, what makes your douche radar go off?
 
All of my past boyfriends have been lactose intolerant, and a statistically confusing amount have later come out as gay. What odd patterns or coincidences do you see in your dating history?
 
What are problems women face but dont like bringing up because it's a "first world problem"?
 
Ladies, what’s something you’ve been dying to humble-brag about?
 
What did you do that you didn't realize was creepy until later?
 
How would you deal with a lover that didn't want to have sex?
 
Divorced women: looking back, what were some red flags you ignored while dating/the first couple years of marriage that ultimately ended up being a crucial mistake?
 
If your likeness were packaged and sold as a doll, what would be your 3 accessories and 3 spoken phrases when the string on your back is pulled?
 
Ladies who left someone at the altar, what is your story ? And do you regret it today ?
 
What wedding trends do you think are going to age poorly?
 
What is the most romantic thing that has happened to you?
 
What's the worst heartbreak you've ever experienced, and how did you get through it?
 
Ladies, what’s a non-sexual act that turns you on?
 
Women who have slept with a lot of men, what are your surprising insights?
 
I tried to kill a huge, scary spider earlier, but missed and it crawled under the stove and could now be plotting its revenge. What horrifying events have you experienced recently?
 
Today is International Women’s Day, we’ve got a long way to go, but in your lifetime what are the changes you’ve seen that have made life better for women?
 
If your SO won’t let you drink, smoke or hang out with your friends because of “trust issues” WHAT WOULD YOU DO?
 
People in happy relationships: Why does your relationship work? What makes it so good?
 
Mothers, how do you deal with this generation's seemingly premature access to the internet (esp. youtube)? What do you do to protect them from harmful content?
 
What was something that happened to you or something you witnessed when you were younger, that you didn't realize was inappropriate or wrong until you were an adult?
 
What are the lesser known problems of being an "ugly" or unattractive woman?
 
Why do you love your SO?
 
Ladies who have gone your natural grey (hair), how did you do it? Let it grow out, had some kind of process done, etc.? Are you happy with it?
 
Gals- I am a broke uni student who isnt feeling too pretty. What are your cheap & quick tips for feeling more put together?
 
Boss women of reddit, what has been your strangest reaction to your position of power?
 
If someone considers you their friend way more than you consider them your friend (i.e. unbalanced friendship) what should that person do?
 
Ladies, let's boost our egos! What do you love about yourself?
 
What stereotypes of Asian women specifically are you tired of seeing portrayed in media?
 
When it comes to relationships, what’s the hardest lesson you’ve had to learn?
 
What's the most 'Black Mirror' thing that's actually happening?
 
Women of Reddit, what is your favourite tank or armoured fighting vehicle?
 
Why aren’t women-only night clubs a thing?
 
The co-founder of Tinder is creating a "women-first" dating app where women must make the first move. What are your first impressions of this idea?
 
Let's talk GREEN flags. What are some early (1-3 dates) signs that the person is the real deal?
 
What are some of the ways to become an interesting person?
 
What are your thoughts on the stereotype"Women take hours to get ready"?
 
When we’re you surprised by a trusted male friend/SO/family member’s sexism or misogyny?
 
What is a healthy alternative you treat yourself with after a bad day or heartache, rather than chocolate cake or junk food?
 
Other than distance, what has caused you to deliberately end friendships?
 
What’s a hard truth you wish more people knew?
 
Other women who know they don’t want to have children or are wanting adopt instead of having their own, how do you deal with everyone saying “just wait you’ll change your mind” and discrediting you when you say it?
 
How scared are you that the current hate towards women (incels, mgtow, etc) will become violent and affect you, personally?
 
Do you think lottery winners should be allowed to remain anonymous?
 
What was a tiny lifestyle change that enormously affected the quality of your life?
 
What transitions or changes did you least expect after childbirth?
 
Ladies how much are you bothered by being told to smile?
 
How do you avoid feeling lonely as a single adult? When you do feel lonely how do you get over it?
 
What do you wish you would have known about getting married before saying “I do”?
 
What makes you unapologetically, utterly, truly happy every single time without fail?
 
How do you stop being everyone’s “hype woman” when no one is yours?
 
When did you realize YOU were the one?
 
What’s the most cringe first date you’ve had?
 
What bad qualities do you wish people would stop glorifying or rationalizing?
 
Your pet has a business trip over the weekend. What human care instructions do they leave for you?
 
Women over 30: How ya holding up? What do you hope to do before 40?
 
Women in the army, how did serving change you?
 
Women of reddit, what clothes are sexy but really uncomfortable?
 
What’s the best compliment you received that wasn’t about physical attractiveness?
 
Would you date a man with a small deck?
 
What is the best/funniest compliment you received from a guy?
 
What are the lyrics to the songs you’ve made up to sing to your pets?
 
Ask a generality, why do men support more feminism for their daughters than for their wives?
 
Girls, why aren't we getting "Sexy guys in your area want to talk to you" ads?
 
The top question on AskMen with over 3000 upvotes is "You ever pooped so hard it gave you a boner?" AskWomen, when was the last time Reddit made you question how heterosexual attraction is even possible?
 
As a uber driver who drives late at night, when I drop off female passengers, do I wait for them to enter their home/apt building safely, or is that creepy and I should drive off immediately?
 
What to you is *actually* unforgivable in a relationship?
 
What is the one thing that you are the most proud of yourself for?
 
Women raised by single fathers, what was it like growing up?
 
at work, how do you ask someone nicely to do a task themselves (when they're trying to offload it on to you when they could and should do it themselves)?
 
For those who went through a tough time with their SO that required forgiveness, what was the situation and how did you overcome it?
 
Ladies of Reddit who live or have led double lives; how was it for you? What made you live a double life?
 
Which aspects of dating culture do you think needs to permanently retire and why?
 
*UPDATE* Should I tell a girl I know that there are naked pictures of her on the internet? *positive they are her*
 
If you were given $5,000 today, what would you do with it?
 
What do you think are the wrong reasons (which are rarely ackowledged) to stay in a relationship?
 
What are some great cooking tips for someone in college, you wish you knew earlier?
 
To those with SOs that work long hours and come home tired regularly: what can they do to reassure you they love you?
 
Ladies who have a friend with benefits, what sort of boundaries do you set?
 
Redditors who have completely start over in their late 30's, what did you do? How has your life changed?
 
What are your favorite easy, plant based meals?
 
Have you ever clicked with someone perfectly and enjoyed each other's company so much, but realized that a long term relationship could never work out? How did you accept that and stop longing to be with that person?
 
YO IM SICK OF DATING QUESTIONS CAN WE JUST TALK ABOUT TEA FOR A MINUTE?
 
Women, do you prefer a man to directly ask for consent for small romantic gestures (ie. "Would you like to hold hands?" "Could I put my arm around you"), or is it too awkward? What's the best way to approach doing these gestures, especially for the first few times in a relationship?
 
Ladies of Reddit, its that time of year when the leaves are turning, the temperature is dropping, and darkness is creeping earlier and earlier. Lets gather together and give it our best shot to raise the hair on the back of each others necks. What are your true spooky stories?
 
Do you prefer sex with a condor?
 
Is anyone here over 35 and at absolute rock bottom, having to completely rebuild every aspect of your life?
 
What fictional male character should NOT have got the girl?
 
What are some good breakup songs for when you’re really freaking glad they’re gone?
 
What trends did you notice in the people you dated?
 
WOC, what's your experience with "rape culture" with in your own culture?
 
How often are you actually putting on lotion?
 
Women who took awhile to have your first orgasm, what finally did it for you?
 
Has anyone actually overcame extremely low self esteem, if so, how?
 
What’s one gender stereotype that grinds your gears?
 
We’ve heard a lot about bachelor pads. What’s in your dream bachelorette pad?
 
Ladies, how did your life change when you meet the right person after having awful luck with dating?
 
For women who have had sexual relationships with someone who they love and also with someone who they do not love, how does the expierence vary?
 
People with disabilities - what "mainstream" objects/technologies do you use in a way that able bodied people might not expect?
 
How has age changed your view about sex?
 
What's the lamest thing you ever did to get a crush to notice you?
 
In what ways does society treat unattractive women and unattractive men differently?
 
Women who didn’t do particularly well in school but found later success, what forms of learning/studying/training wound up working best for you?
 
Have you been right about having a bad feeling about a friend's boyfriend? What's your story?
 
Those of you who have committed adultery against your partner, why did you do it and how did it turn out for you and your betrayed partner?
 
Anyone here have parents that are actually supportive? How do you think that affected your life?
 
Do all women hate it when women are generalized into one group?
 
What's something about your body or appearance that society/marketing says should bother you, but you honestly couldn't care less about?
 
what's the most emotionally intelligent thing you've seen someone do ?
 
Women who work in the fashion industry, what are your experiences? How does it compare to popular film depictions of women in fashion (Devil Wears Prada, etc)?
 
Women who grew up in lower income homes, what hardships will middle class women never understand?
 
How do y’all keep your black jeans black?
 
Have you ever had a baby and then realized that you don't love the baby? If so, what was your experience?
 
Have you been a creep to someone? When did you realize it?
 
How do some women manage to always look perfect and put together. What is your/their secret to always having clear skin, fresh hair, staying in perfect shape, clothes, nails etc. Is it good genetics or what?
 
What is the most sheltered thing you heard from someone?
 
In your opinion, what do you think is the hardest thing to do as a girl/woman while on your period?
 
Women with traumatic pasts, bad past relationships, or trust issues in general - how did you learn to fully trust a new and wonderful partner?
 
Who did you think was "the one that got away", only to find out later they were a bullet you were lucky to dodge?
 
Do you believe social media has normalized dramatic changes being done to yourself, such as a nose job or body changes? If so, has it affected you in any way?
 
If you were no longer a person, but instead were a basket of four secret ingredients on Chopped, what would you be?
 
Women who've lived under and escaped dictatorships, what are some habits you acquired during that period that have stuck with you?
 
How do you deal with people saying you only like your hobby (video games, sports, weightlifting, etc) to get attention from men? Especially them dismissing all the effort you’ve put into it?
 
What's the most unnecessary way you've been criticised for your femininity/exposed to sexism?
 
What sort of hobbies would you be able to recommend for someone who loves starting new projects but struggles to maintain them?
 
We're encouraged to marry "before all the good ones are gone". In your experience, when did "all the good ones" start really going?
 
What do you look for in a guy, necromancy-wise?
 
For those who have traveled solo in a country where you don't speak the language, how did your experience go?
 
I've been struggling, how do you deal with being insecure/envious towards another woman?
 
What’s the best/most satisfying snack while on your period?
 
Do you ever buy clothes because you'd really like to be the kind of person who wears them but then feel weird about it and never actually wear it?
 
What are some signs that you are an emotional abuser?
 
What do you wish you had discussed with your SO before you dated them or married them?
 
What do men do that they think is romantic, but women actually find cringey?
 
Men of Askwomen, what is the most interesting facts you've learned from reading Askwomen?
 
It's been a long rough week, so please, what's the lamest dad joke you know?
 
(NSFW) What have you found out about someone that you would never tell them you know?
 
What boxes are you looking to tick on a first date?
 
What's your go-to "comfort food" tv show?
 
What beauty habit/tip really upped your attractiveness level?
 
What's it like having a healthy relationship with food?
 
Why did you delete your social media? Has it affected your life or mental health in a lasting way?
 
Since porn misrepresents most sex, what is lesbian sex really like?
 
Fellow bridesmaids...what are some outrageous things a bride required from you?
 
Why do you think that "there are no girls on the internet" is a thing?
 
Women that are working, college students: what are your secrets to success?
 
What’s a great way to surprise your SO?
 
What is the most influential book you have read that empowers women?
 
Women who started everything (friendships, love, job, or at least one) from zero in their late 20s, how did you do it?
 
What purchases under $200 have greatly improved your life?
 
Happy International Women’s Day!
 
What's your most favourite NSFW sub?
 
Ladies of reddit, how do you start to get aroused by men: physically and mentally.
 
Women who have dated men that turned out to be misogynists, what were some of the red flags?
 
What food can you not eat due to a bad experience or bad mental association?
 
MEGATHREAD: New Hampshire State Representative Robert Fisher (R) revealed to be founder of The Red Pill
 
What underwear have you found that are sexy, comfortable, and don't give you a visible pantyline?
 
What item of clothing should be eliminated from all men’s wardrobes?
 
Update - Passing a girl on the way to work
 
Have you ever realized you were the abuser in a relationship? How did it end? How did it change you?
 
Women who've been denied an abortion and made to carry an unwanted pregnancy: what was it like for you?
 
Have you ever seen red flags in yourself? How did you find out and address them?
 
Married women who didn't meet your spouse until "later" in life, what was your experience like?
 
If you could tell your 15 year old self something, what would you tell her?
 
What's the quickest and easiest method of shaving your legs?
 
What date started out well/bad that reversed into horrible/good?
 
What are less talked about, but essential, grooming techniques for women?
 
Which do you prefer: 'You look amazing in that outfit' or 'That outfit looks amazing on you'?
 
[Final Update] A potential employer made a sexual joke during our e-mailing back and forth. Bad sign?
 
Has a partner of yours ever tried to make you break up with THEM instead of doing it themselves? What were the signs?
 
Females, how important is the bottom 1/2 centimetre of a man's left earlobe to you when dating?
 
Ladies who are in long term relations (3, 5, 10 or more years), do you still get romantic surprises, do you still have passionate kisses and sweet cuddles? How did you manage to keep it this way?
 
Do unattractive women really feel completely ignored/invisible?
 
What's something that you think is blatantly sexist but men disregard you when you tell them about it?
 
What are some good first dates that don't involve alcohol or coffee?
 
What's your "did I really just get hit on?" story?
 
How do you begin to be comfortable in your own skin? What do you do to gain/maintain self confidence?
 
What is a good job people aren't aware exists?
 
What’s the worst job interview that you ever had?
 
Women who make over $150k/year, what do you do?
 
What are some of the most common mistakes men make in bed?
 
Hypothetically, if a guy were to annex a small bit of another country, and a lot of people were mad, would this make him undatable?
 
How would you describe the feeling of being loved by or in love with a SO?
 
Mega/Meta thread: /r/Incels has been banned from reddit. All your questions, comments, thoughts here.
 
Experienced women, what are some subtle signs in a man's behavior that tells you he is a mysogynist?
 
Women who had cosmetic surgery, how has your life changed? (for better or for worse)
 
I accidentally bought scented tampons. What products are you surprised still exist?
 
Solo traveling ladies of reddit, how did you come to the decision to go travel on your own and what’s your experience?
 
How do you know someone is the right one for you to marry?
 
What’s the last thing you said out loud to your pet?
 
What did your partner do to give you the best organism you ever had
 
ASKWOMEN HOW HAVE YOU BEEN PERSONALLY VICTIMIZED BY REGINA GEORGE?
 
If 007 were a woman, what would be the name(s) of the "Bond boy"?
 
What wine pairs best with raw cookie dough?
 
Ladies that have gone solo-travelling and decided to travel with strangers on a trip, what has been your worst experience?
 
Which generally liked male character do you greatly dislike?
 
Women who have learnt the skill of public speaking and confidence in doing so, particularly in work/professional environment - how did you do it?
 
Ladies, do you feel that men sometimes don't take us seriously about what we go through with creepy guys?
 
How do you ladies enjoy tea?
 
MEGATHREAD: United States Midterm Elections
 
For those who remember specifically, how/where/when did you meet your spouse?
 
Women who found the love of their life after 40, what is your story?
 
Is it wrong to suggest that women would be better off without "We're all beautiful," instead opting for "I don't need to be beautiful, that isn't where my value comes from."
 
What is a really good question to ask someone, that will tell you the most about them?
 
Mothers of reddit, what’s one thing you wish you had known before you had kids?
 
If abortion became illegal, and you wanted to terminate your pregnancy, what would you do?
 
What's the worst case of fragile masculinity you've dealt with?
 
What is the most sheltered thing you have heard from an adult?
 
Adult women of Reddit, how did you stop waking up exhausted? Put another way- how do you wake up energized and excited for the day ahead?
 
Ladies of Reddit, what new dating dealbreakers have you developed as the result of a failed relationship?
 
Single women who wants a relationship but never found anyone, how do you cope up with loneliness?
 
Why is in movies falling for someone else while being in a relationship seen as romantic?
 
What do cats do that women find cringey?
 
What is the best thing you've ever purchased from Amazon?
 
What are your thoughts on marriage?
 
Besides therapy, what are some good ways to get rid of toxic habits/thoughts?
 
Why do like 80% of the FAQs on AskWomen have to do with men?
 
“Street smart” women- what are your tips to keep yourself safe?
 
Does anyone else just HAVE to wear pajamas/lounge clothes when you're at home?
 
What hobby/solo activity do you recommend to a young 20 something trying to “discover themselves”?
 
Couples that have been together for 10+ years, what do you do to show you're still attracted to each other? How do you show your love?
 
Have you ever broken up with your SO because of life circumstances and not because you didn’t love them ?
 
Women who have seen their SO get hit on without their SO realizing what was happening, what’s your story?
 
How do you cope with loneliness and the desire to be held when alone when tired and trying to sleep?
 
What was a time you had to let a dream (i.e. career, hopes of being with someone, etc) go and how did you bounce back?
 
Women who dated/married a man you settled for, why?
 
What is something "strange" y'all do in public/when meeting someone to feel safe? Or am I just crazy??
 
Has anybody else noticed the older they get, the more exciting the thought of buying furniture gets?
 
Redditors who have been happily married for 10 + years: What do you and your partner do to stay so happy and stable in your relationship for so long?
 
What was the worst bachelorette party you've ever been to and why?
 
My boyfriend left me alone in his apartment. What would you do in this situation?
 
How do you feel about being the/having a mom-friend?
 
[NSFW] How does having low sex drive or lack of interest with sex in general affected your relationship?
 
Sugar Babies of Reddit, what's it really like?
 
If you have used an at-home laser hair removal device, how well did it work and would you recommend one?
 
Excluding sex and bodily functions - What do most male writers get wrong about female characteristics?
 
Has anyone here been in an emotional affair and willing to share their story? How did you heal the relationship with your partner? How did you manage having strong feelings for someone other than your partner?
 
This sounds silly, but does anyone else here worry they might be infertile because you've never become accidentally pregnant?
 
People with stupid names, how's life been treating you?
 
Moms, what is the hardest part of raising a teenage daughter?
 
Women who aren’t into casual sex, how do you navigate in the dating world which seems to involve lots of casual sex?
 
Ladies, this might be a bit too controversial, but what do you think the difference between body positivity and normalizing obesity is?
 
Women who have decided not to have a dog, what made you decide that?
 
What is your favourite liquid eye liner? Like Kat Von D tattoo liner but not?
 
What are your trademark signs of being stressed out, even if you’re not totally conscious that you are stressed?
 
Who was the truly nicest guy you've ever met, and what was he like?
 
anyone else the "ugly friend"? If so, how do you deal with it?
 
Ladies who have been married 5+ years, what are the characteristics that really matter in your SO that you didn't think of when you were single/newly wed?
 
Whats the dumbest lie someone who you were dating said to you?
 
Would you appreciate it if a guy at a bar bought you mozzarella sticks if you already had a drink, like Liz Lemon on 30 Rock?
 
If you've ever lived fully by yourself (i.e. no roommates), did it ever make you lonely? How did you manage it?
 
What LPT (life pro tip) actually blew your mind and solved a real problem?
 
What post or response stuck with you in AskWomen? [NSFW]
 
What was a decision or choice you judged/didn’t understand until you went through it yourself?
 
Fellow Women: What is your holy grail product or service that you're surprised more people don't use?
 
Ladies making over $100k per year, what do you do?
 
Instead of the worst or scariest, what are some "meh" or "so-so" dates you've been on?
 
I just taught my sister-in-law (26) and my husband (31) that women do not, in fact, pee from the clit. What are the most ridiculous ideas you've heard about the female body?
 
What are less obvious signs that you should end your relationship?
 
Men on /r/askwomen, what have you learned while browsing this sub?
 
What fictional couple were actually horrible together even though they were written to be happy together? Why?
 
I just realized Doug's neighbors on the show "Doug" were a childless or childfree couple called Mr and Mrs Dink (double income no kids)? What realizations have you had about your favorite childhood shows?
 
Women with low self esteem, anxiety, or trust issues: How did you finally accept that your SO wasn’t out to ‘play ‘ you, and you allowed yourself to accept their love?
 
In what non-abusive ways did your parents cause long term damage?
 
What's your "when you look at someone through rose-colored glasses, all the red flags just look like flags" story?
 
Larger women of reddit, does this sort of thing happen on a regular basis??
 
What's the meanest thing you've done that you DON'T regret doing?
 
How do you prevent yourself from becoming clingy when dating someone you like a lot?
 
As a man, what's the best course of action to take if I witness catcalling / harassment?
 
Does anyone else ever feel "responsible" if their friends aren't having fun at something they chose to do/didn't like the food at a restaurant they chose, etc?
 
Dear women who considered ending it all for good, what are some moments you’re glad you got to live and be part of?
 
What about your SO made you think "wow, I'm so glad I left my ex"
 
Ladies who have struggled financially: my mom has always said, "it's expensive to be poor." In what ways have you found that it actually costs more to have less?
 
Women who had an awesome ex, why was he awesome and why is he your ex?
 
How many relationships did your wedding ruin?
 
What are some things you do for safety reasons that most guys wouldn't think twice about?
 
Shit your MIL says?
 
Married ladies of reddit who said "No" to the dress/party - did you ever regret? Would you do it differently now?
 
If your SO is cheating on you and someone knew, what would you want them to do?
 
What was your last “treat yourself” splurge? Are you ultimately glad you did it?
 
What really annoys you when other people do it, but you occasionally do it as well?
 
Is anyone else sick-to-death of getting relationship zoned?
 
Women who can come easily; what's your secret?
 
What's an overly specific turn-on of yours?
 
When you're pooping on your period, how do you wipe in such a way that the tampon string doesn't get swiped back and get all poopy?
 
What's an unethical life hack you used/have used?
 
With the Kat Von D news (ugh) can anyone suggest a long lasting smudge-proof lipstick that isn’t tested on animals?
 
What is something you wish men did more of during sex?
 
What is a book that helped you through that awkward phase in your 20's where your friends are all hitting milestones at different rates, you feel like everyone thinks you should be future-focused, and you just generally are struggling to find your groove?
 
Giving birth: what you wished they told you about it
 
Happily married people, can I please hear some good things about marriage?
 
What common advice given to women from popular media is actually terrible life advice in practice?
 
How worried are you that a more conservative court will overturn aspects of Roe v Wade
 
I am a young woman who just discovered that I LOVE cheese after avoiding it my whole life, what kinds of cheese would you recommend I try next? (urgent)
 
Women who don't fit the Eurocentric beauty standard, how is your self esteem regarding your appearance?
 
Women of Reddit, if you could send a letter back in time, what advice would you give to yourself 300 million years ago when atmospheric oxygen levels peaked at 35%?
 
Girls in the US have been getting higher grades than boys at school and university for nearly a century Why Do you think that is?
 
Why do you think a friend of yours will be single forever?
 
What don't you envy about being a man?
 
Women who are the reason for your and your partner's dead bedroom (DB), whats *your* side of the story?
 
What's a good comeback for the perverted boys who say "a key that can open any lock is a good key, but a lock than can be opened by many keys is a bad lock?"
 
What things more women should know about their body but are never told?
 
Why is Reddit so obsessed with the "women hate each other" narrative?
 
What's something you thought would be sexy, but in practice was an immediate turn-off?
 
Anyone else get incredibly turned off when a man talks about his "crazy" ex?
 
UPDATE: Unmarried man[37] will be having his daughter[16] stay with him for a while. The catch is, we haven't seen each other since she was 5.  Bonding Ideas?
 
What is the funniest thing your partner said in their sleep?
 
What is the toughest "fuck/marry/kill" you can come up with?
 
Just wanted to say thanks
 
How did you learn to discern your gut reaction from unhealthy reactions that resulted from abuse?
 
How much does your SO match your initial idea of the kind of partner you were first looking for?
 
What wine would pair best with a peanut butter and jelly sandwich?
 
what is the creepiest thing that has ever happened to you in your life?
 
If you were friends with your S.O. before you started dating, how did your relationship change from platonic to romantic?
 
What was the reason you walked out on a first date with someone?
 
[Controversal] Women who get offended by other women breastfeeding (pictures, public, etc), why??
 
How would you feel if you found out your SO chose Bulbasaur as their starting pokemon?
 
Attractive women with ugly friends, how does your ugly friend get treated different?
 
Ladies, how do you deal with not being 'pretty'?
 
What is the most embarrassing thing your SO has done?
 
How do you believe porn has changed how men have sex with you?
 
All these 'red flag' questions are so negative! Would any women of reddit like to share a story where the date went a lot better than expected?
 
Women of Reddit, what can I do to advance women's rights if I couldn't go to any of the Women's Marches today?
 
Is anyone else super turned off when men list "not crazy" as one of their requirements for a romantic partner?
 
(Don't upvote) How do you pronounce clitoral?
 
A 14 year old riding his bike just slapped my butt as I was walking. What the fuck would you have done?
 
Did you grow up with honorary "aunts" or "uncles" who you are not actually related to legally or by blood? Who are they and how did they come to be a part of your (chosen) family?
 
What’s the dumbest rule your parents had while growing up?
 
My boyfriend broke up with me last night because I had contacted a male coworker and invited him to see a movie with me. My coworker is gay. What's the dumbest reason someone gave for ending a relationship with you?
 
What are little things we do that are in fact ruining our lives?
 
What are some tell tale signs a story with a female lead is being written by a man.
 
How do I communicate to my 8 year old that being fat is unhealthy without body shaming her?
 
Older women of Reddit, what issues do you see with the younger generation of women in today's society?
 
What is something about women you feel a lot of men think is true but isn’t?
 
You eat small shelled candy (Nerds, M&Ms etc) in the late afternoon. That night you remove your bra and there's a candy stuck to your boob. DO YOU EAT IT?!
 
Women, what's the most frustrating part of living with your SO
 
What's an experience that changed your life that no one wants to hear about?
 
Ladies, what's the silliest thing you do with your SO?
 
What is something that is genuinely all right to hide from an SO?
 
Have any of you ladies had success keeping a healthy relationship while feeling as if he or she is not "the one?"
 
What's the littlest thing someone has said that's upset you, because it showed how little they actually know you?
 
Gonna be honest here. Does anyone else feel like vaginas are kind of, like, weird?
 
People often say that they would marry their (coffee maker, wine glass, etc.). What inanimate object would you marry for the positive impact it has had on your life?
 
Non-Americans, what do you not understand about the United States of America?
 
Introverted mothers of reddit -- How do you deal with constant need of attention from your child?
 
Rich, single women of Reddit, how do you avoid gold-diggers when dating?
 
Ladies, how did you get rid of adult onset breakouts?
 
It seems like women are shamed for wanting children or not wanting children, by both men and women. Why can't we just be ok with other people's life choices?
 
Ever feel like some men seem to use "feminism" as a catch-all term for female behaviors they don't like?
 
What is the juiciest piece of drama at your workplace/class ?
 
What would misconceptions about female sexuality would you want to clear up for a teen girl?
 
Do you ever have days where you're just feeling toxic and mean, and you just want to cuss out anybody who has been bothering you that week?
 
Houseplant obsessed people: What are your hacks? Was it easier to learn about plants online or from a book? How did you learn to not kill plants? etc?
 
Mothers of boys, what are some of the most surprising things you have discovered while raising them?
 
Grills of Reddit, will you tell me about the juiciest piece of meat to ever be exposed to your red-hot coals?
 
If you could force all men experience one aspect of being a woman, what experience would you give them?
 
What is something you own that is overkill for the purpose you bought it?
 
Why is it so common for women to say that they don't get along with "other women"?
 
Women who love themselves and have high confidence, how do you do it ?
 
Have you encountered the "softboy"?
 
What's the love story of a couple you know (or know of) who makes you believe in love?
 
What’s the worst way someone broke up with you?
 
Have you experienced other women enforcing toxic masculinity? If so, how and what can be done about it?
 
Why does Reddit seem male-dominated, even though almost half of users are female?
 
If your username were a fictional character, what would their story be?
 
Women of reddit - what's a hobby you took up later in life and managed to become pretty good at?
 
Ladies of Reddit, what is your "Holy Grail" of makeup? This can be a tip, a product, anything! :)
 
What is something guys tend to do in relationships that they shouldn't?
 
I just watched Magic Mike and feel very inadequate. Is this how girls feel all the time about how women are portrayed in media?
 
Ladies who aren't into "hookup" culture, where do you find men that want something serious?
 
What kind of elderly woman do you aspire to be?
 
Ladies, post a photo of that piece of graphite stuck in your skin.
 
Married folks: what would you consider signs that you and your partner would work well as a married couple?
 
Domestic abuse situations are often characterized by the abuser being perfect, charming, and loving at the beginning of the relationship. What are some red flags to watch out for at the start of a new relationship?
 
What is the weirdest example of a product made "for men" or "for women" that did not need to be gendered at all?
 
How do you feel about the phrase "Men are afraid that women will laugh at them. Women are afraid that men will kill them."? How much truth is in it given your personal experience?
 
What to do when your relationship becomes dull?
 
What kinds of things do you do to encourage your partner when they are going through a stressful time at work?
 
Women who have witnessed or had a disaster wedding, what happened??
 
How do you know if a woman is orgasming? [NSFW]
 
What is the most unusual kink that someone you dated revealed to you?
 
What female character in tv or film is obviously a male fantasy?
 
Do you know guys who feel entitled to hot women - despite not doing anything to make themselves look appealing/presentable?
 
Is anyone else baffled by how often we get posts asking, "Do all women...?" THE ANSWER IS NO.
 
Have you ever wanted to take a break from life? Like take a break from it all and do nothing? Like go live with a friend that no one knows about and just be a bum for a year or 2?
 
What unrealistic expectations do young men have about women?
 
My sister dropped a pizza FACE DOWN on the ground. What petty shit will you NEVER FORGIVE someone in your life for?
 
Do solutions of PDE's always match the form of the general Partial Differential Equation?
 
If a random man had to spend the next year of his life as a woman, what do you think would be the most surprising thing to him?
 
Do you ever feel that on Reddit, women have to "sugarcoat" their dating preferences much more than guys do?
 
I'm sick of this front page being filled with dating questions. Can we talk about beer for a second?
 
Those who relate to the fig tree scene in the bell jar, how hasn’t life turned out for you and do you still constantly wonder what if?
 
Ladies of Reddit, what are some societal norms you and your SO break because it makes both of you happy?
 
Women who need lots of alone time - How do you ask for space without hurting peoples feelings?
 
Just found out that my mom called my wedding caterer behind my back to change the order to something I explicitly said no to 8 times. What are your Momzilla stories?
 
Those who need them, do you prefer to wear contacts or glasses? why?
 
What's something amazing you wish you'd tried sooner?
 
Which animal's mating ritual are you most glad is NOT the way WE seduce each other?
 
Women who left their spouses at the altar, what happened?
 
Anyone else extremely uncomfortable how so many people are acting because they can't harass fat people on reddit anymore?
 
What’s the best thing you’ve said to stop unsolicited d!$& pics?
 
What's your "WTF, I thought stuff like this only happened in movies" moment?
 
How often are you complimented on things that are not related to your physical appearance?
 
What was the wildest thing you found out about your parents?
 
Why won't women come to our parties?
 
What are some books that helped you become a better writer or reader and just generally more intelligent?
 
Ladies, What are some things your SO does after sex that makes you happy?
 
Those of you who have had an affair with a university professor/lecturer- what’s your story? How did it happen and how did it end?
 
What's the pettiest reason you've dumped someone?
 
Women who have been raped by women, how has your life been affected?
 
My pug barfed and my Roomba tracked it all over the room. Ladies, how have your loved ones let you down today?
 
Clitoris-only orgasmic women, what positions and/or methods do you employ during vaginal sex to ensure you orgasm?
 
In a relationship, besides jealously, what instantly screams "insecurity" to you?
 
What’s your tip for rebuilding intimacy in a relationship?
 
What is the most important relationship lesson you've ever learned?
 
Who’s the rudest celebrity you’ve met?
 
Whats the first thing you thought when you saw your SO for the first time?
 
What were you certain was not "just a phase," but turned out to be totally just a phase?
 
What's the juiciest piece of gossip you know about someone in your social circle that you've been dying to get off your chest?
 
Black Women, do you get much backlash when you date white guys?
 
Ladies, I'm a bit drunk. Is there anything you just want to vent about? I will read and respond appropriately.
 
Women who ended long-term relationships with generally supportive partners who are not abusive: what ultimately convinced you to end the relationship? Was it the right decision?
 
ANNOUNCEMENT: Update to our moderation policy regarding threads that discuss user experiences of trauma, assault and abuse
 
Girls: what things guys like to do to each other that you don't understand and hate?
 
My girlfriend hates cheesy jokes. What's your favourite ones so I can annoy her?
 
I once pulled a knife on a guy to get him to back off me. What's the craziest thing you've done after saying 'no' didn't work?
 
Does anyone else consciously try to be the "chill" girlfriend?
 
Does anyone else feel like their face attractiveness fluctuates daily?
 
Women who often have people over, what tips do you have to make your place more inviting?
 
Women of Reddit, what is the cringiest fandom you've been a part of?
 
Why are most of the questions here about what we think of men?
 
For women whose social life really started in their late 20s or 30s. How did this change come about?
 
What is your #WhyIDidntReport story?
 
Do you think lottery winners should be allowed to remain anonymous?
 
If a guy wants to be your lover, does he got to get with your friends? And why?
 
Glasses wearing ladies, aren't Christmas lights viewed without your glasses one of the prettiest things ever?
 
Any other Canadian women excited by our new Cabinet having 50% women for the first time in our history?
 
Women who wear hijabs , how do you deal with going outside in the summer heat ?
 
What are some good tv shows/movies/general entertainment without ANY sexual assault scenes?
 
What kind of small, mundane magic are you capable of?
 
What's the number one thing in your 'girl code' ?
 
Women of reddit, who were invited to someone's place for sexy time after a night out. You walked in and realized right away you made the right / wrong decision. What did you see that made you comfortable or made you run out or question what you were doing.
 
What tiny thing annoys you but you can't rant about it to your friends?
 
My SO and I just bought our first house! What things do first time home owners often forget to buy since they have been renting for so long?
 
Does anyone else disagree with the current work/life balance that exists in society? (9-5 5 days a week)
 
What fictional couple do you think most realistically shows what a healthy relationship is like?
 
What is a flaw in your SO that you can overlook because you love them?
 
Women scientists of Reddit - what are you researching/ working on at the moment?
 
Okay, ladies. Let’s be honest. How many of us have had a crush on a video game character? If so, who and why?
 
What is a trend that you actually enjoy?
 
Same sex marriage is now legal in Australia! What are your thoughts?
 
Women with curly hair, what are you sick of hearing?
 
What is the weirdest thing you've said or done to someone you had a crush on?
 
What do you think about men who have arms?
 
Married women: how was the dating/relationship stage with your current partner different than your past relationships?
 
Online Women Shoppers, what are a couple of the best websites to buy clothes?
 
If you could pick one question to be permanently banned to be asked on AskWomen - which one would it be and why?
 
What 'subtle' thing men do is actually really obvious?
 
Moms and daughters of reddit, whats your best ''Don't tell dad moment''?
 
Women who went from very dysfunctional relationships to a very healthy one, what was the biggest surprise/eye-opener?
 
What are some words that men casually use to describe women that get on your nerves?
 
Enjoy a non-denominational entirely secular December 25th present from the Mod Team: NO RELATIONSHIP-RELATED QUESTIONS ALLOWED DAY
 
What's the best post by a clueless man you've seen here?
 
What glorious thing took you far too long to discover?
 
Women who played the role of Manic Pixie Dream Girl in a relationship: how did it feel? How did it end?
 
What's your best/funniest story of a man not understanding something about the female body (how menstruation works, where things are located, etc)?
 
Does anyone else feel like they are constantly buying clothes but still feel like they don't have anything to wear? What am I doing wrong in my shopping?
 
Ladies, what sex act are you scared to ask your partner to do?
 
What is typically considered ugly that you personally find attractive?
 
Women who browse /r/askwomen on new, thank you for your sacrifice, but why? And what's the strangest/worst thread you've come across?
 
What is your SO doing that is really sweet, but he/she doesnt realise it?
 
Do any other women masturbate as a sleep aid?
 
Is anyone exhausted by the constant maintenance and grooming 'required' to look and feel good?
 
What is the worst case of "creating your own problems" that you've seen?
 
What was your worst "nice guy" experience like?
 
Ladies, what have you learned from previous relationships and what kind of men/traits in men do you avoid?
 
To piggyback off of the "what's the rudest thing a guy has said to you?" Post... What's the NICEST thing a guy has said to you?
 
Mothers of dragons, how has having a dragon changed how you view lizards, or given you a different understanding of reptiles?
 
What are some good/decent paying entry level jobs?
 
On a date, which questions would you like to be asked?
 
What has been the most romantic frugal date you have been on?
 
Gym goers, do you have any women specific tips for those of us with "new year new me" gym resolutions?
 
Have you ever gotten “bad vibes” from a friend’s SO? Did you tell your friend? Were you ever proven right or wrong?
 
To women who don't want to have sex before marriage, how do you manage modern relationships?
 
Fat women of reddit, what's it like to be a fat women? I'm a fat man and I'm curious to know.
 
Ladies, my husband just fell asleep while going down on me. Tell me I'm not alone.
 
What was the last thing you searched for on your phone?
 
Women who have broken off a long term relationship, what was the moment you realized it was over?
 
[Serious] How do you cope with being relatively physically unattractive?
 
Women in committed relationships: how often do you get crushes on other people?
 
Women who don’t wear underwear, how do you handle discharge without any underwear to catch it?
 
What is the minimum you do to “look polished” on a typical day?
 
What do you think is the female version of a neckbeard?
 
What's the cutest thing your SO ever did for you?
 
It's wedding season: what's the worst wedding toast you've ever heard?
 
What is a trait your ex had that is now a deal-breaker for future partners? And why?
 
What online service is worth the monthly fee and why?
 
Ladies of Reddit, what's the biggest thing you've forgiven your spouse for?
 
What are the funniest conversations you’ve overheard in a women’s bathroom?
 
What are the questions that can be asked when the interviewer asks "Any questions?"
 
Muslim women of Reddit, what is something about your religion that you would like to change?
 
Ladies, what are some common misconceptions you had before having had sex for the first time that were proven to be untrue?
 
What is the “open secret” at your workplace?
 
Are you friends with your co-workers?
 
what are examples of small things you've set up in your daily life that make your life smoother, easier, or saves you time/energy?
 
I was just told by a mechanic that I "sure know a lot of big words, for a girl". Ladies, what is the most blatant sexist comment or experience you've heard or had, and how did you respond?
 
Women who were asked to sign a prenup before getting married, what were the circumstances? How did you feel about signing a prenup?
 
What are some seemingly innocuous things your parents said that messed you up more than they maybe thought it would?
 
Girls, what is something about men which makes you realize they will probably be a dud boyfriend over time?
 
What does your SO sacrifice for you?
 
Women who live abroad, what is something of that country you can't get accustomed to?
 
Those who 'do it all' (ie have excellent time management and are able to effectively lead busy lives) - how do you do it? what are the logistics and how do you keep from getting anxiety?
 
Getting dumped tomorrow — what would you wear to your break-up?
 
Lovely Long Haired Ladies! Can you give yourself a beard? I DEMAND PHOTOS.
 
What’s the best meal to have before a night out, so you don’t feel sleepy, gassy, and bloated?
 
Ladies who have quit jobs due to harassment, how do you discretely explain to future employers when they ask for your reason for leaving?
 
Women, what is a sex tip you wish you could tell every guy/what is something a guy did in the bedroom that blew you away?
 
What was Mom right about after all?
 
Women that have been in relationships with both men and women, what qualities do you like in each?
 
What's your best "Don't let crazy stick his dick in you" story?
 
Women who started their relationship as "the other woman"- does it ever cross your mind that your partner will find another "other woman" when committed to you? How do you stop your mind from wandering?
 
Today my therapist told me, "winter is coming," referring to my seasonal depression and use of a sun lamp. I lost my shit laughing at the reference which she'd never heard of before. When have you inappropriately geeked out to the confusion of others?
 
How do you get excited about your life when things aren't all that exciting?
 
Women in male-dominated, casual working environments, what are your summer work outfits?
 
What is the best way somebody ever showed you how much they cared without saying it outright?
 
Have you ever been gaslighted by a boss and how did you deal with it?
 
Have you ever had a sudden gut feeling like something isn't right and turns out it was accurate? What happened?
 
Women of Reddit who have had abortions in a committed relationship, how did it affect the relationships between you and your SO?
 
Single Dad here. How can I show my daughter how to do the hair/towel wrap thing?
 
Did you ever go through a rough patch with your current partner? What happened and how did you guys fix it?
 
Redditors that have both children and neices & nephews, how does your parenting style differ from that of your siblings?
 
What's a ridiculous rule your parents had when you were young?
 
Women who are conventionally attractive: Do you have any stories where your attractiveness has actually been a disadvantage in your career (or your life) ?
 
Mothers of AskWomen, what are some of the "mom things" that you thought you would never do but ended up doing it anyway?
 
How many of you find emotional intimacy or expressing emotions difficult?
 
In your opinion, what romantic movie stands out for handling the issue of a man pursuing a woman in a consensual, non-misogynistic way?
 
What do you think is tacky to have at a wedding?
 
Do you ever not check your messages on Facebook messenger so other people won't see you've read their messages?
 
How has your opinion of your mother changed as you've gotten older?
 
Ladies, What qualities/skills/habits a 20 year old should gain that will make him a better boyfriend/husband/father in future?
 
What's your take-to-the-grave secret that's not actually that bad?
 
"What female character tropes/types bother you in fiction?" is a common topic. But which ones do you really like?
 
Anyone get married for reasons other than love? How did it turn out?
 
What are you tired of being sold as empowering to girls and women?
 
What's the dumbest thing you've done in the name of beauty?
 
How do you respond to passive-aggressive "honey" or "sweetie" ?
 
What examples of fragile masculinity have you encountered?
 
What was the most uncomfortable thing you’ve had to do for your SO out of politeness?
 
What is the cheesiest thing that your SO has ever done to you but you still love it anyway?
 
Enough about terrible sex. What was the best sex you've ever had? What made it so great?
 
Would you be angry at your husband if you asked him to decorate just one room in your new house and gave him $2000 to do so, and he bought 15 oil paintings of super heroes?
 
[Update - I had the interview] A potential employer made a sexual joke during our e-mailing back and forth. Bad sign?
 
What do you find completely frustrating and unbelievable about being a woman in 2017?
 
When at work how do you deal with sexist customers who think all your male coworkers are more qualified and just overall more important than you?
 
Ladies who have had a son, has having a son changed the way you view males? If so, in what ways?
 
What are some mundane things you enjoy about your life?
 
What moment made you realize you had more-than-friend feelings for a friend?
 
What’s your “no good deed goes unpunished” story?
 
What was your "well,this is who I chose to spend the rest of my life with" moment?
 
What's are the most frustrating social norms that are acceptable for men to do but unjustifiably frowned upon when women do them?
 
What is healthy self esteem? and how do you get it?
 
Women who got along with their mothers well in the dread teenage years: what did your mom do to be incredible, and to make you not despise her? (Pregnant with a girl and--for some reason--terrified).
 
What complaint about women are you absolutely sick of hearing?
 
What are some methods to sleep and eat better after a break up?
 
Ladies who use Tinder, how did you react when your date looked WAY different in person? Did you still enjoy your time?
 
Women who made a career change/went back to school in their 30s, what do you do?
 
I see posts of people surprising their SO with a Nerf fight or a blanket fort. What fun surprise would you love to come home to? (Originally posted to AskMen)
 
Women with invisible disabilities, what do you wish other people knew about your daily life?
 
Single ladies of Reddit, what is the loneliest thing you've ever done?
 
What’s the dumbest thing your boss or coworker has ever said to you?
 
Black ladies, how do you find men who are interested in serious relationships/marriage?
 
What do you miss about your 20's? What don't you miss? What do you wish you did in your 20's? What do you regret?
 
What is the most ridiculous thing someone thought you couldn’t do because you were a woman?
 
What makes a man "basic" to you?
 
I'm 24 years old. To the older women out there, what advice would you give the 24-year-old you?
 
Married women: How was your spouse different from any of your exes when you were dating? How did you know they were “it”?
 
Should I tell a girl I know that there are naked pictures of her on the internet? *positive they are her*
 
Women of Reddit, what is your “guilty pleasure” when it comes to spending?
 
What "romantic" stories are actually quite disturbing if you really think about it?
 
Even some women don't know how diverse the female body can be. What is something you thought was not normal with your lady bits but then found out that it's actually pretty common?
 
What are some things that happen while giving birth no one talks about? Nervous here!
 
What is your favourite, ‘Let that sink in,’ fact?
 
Long haired ladies how the fuck do you work bobby pins? Seriously, all these styles are like "secure with bobby pins" and I'm like "WHY MUST YOU MOCK ME WITH USELESS INSTRUCTIONS?!"
 
What is something that women do in movies that if done in real life would have a totally different outcome?
 
Older women of Reddit: what kind of things have you noticed happening with your body/mind/spirit as you've aged that no one told you about when you were younger?
 
What's weird about your body?
 
What is wrongly labeled as "shallow" by society?
 
How do you feel about handwritten love letters from a significant other?
 
What makes you feel very comfortable on a first date?
 
Black Women of Reddit: What stereotype geared towards us do you hate the most?
 
Women who got pregnant from one-night stands or casual partners and kept the baby, what was your experience?
 
What was it like when you first moved in with your SO/Spouse?
 
Ladies who were bullied because of your looks, when was the first time you realized someone was genuinly attracted to you?
 
I just ate a whole box of mac and cheese for breakfast. What shameful thing have you done this week that you aren't ashamed of?
 
What's the best wifi name you've seen/what's yours named?
 
Ladies who speak more than one language: what's your favourite non-English swear word and what does it mean?
 
What’s a character trait in a partner you find super attractive as an adult, that you’d never thought you’d want as a 15 year old?
 
Ladies, what do you think are the biggest (physical) benefits of being a woman compared to being a man?
 
Are you sometimes anxious that the men around you secretly believe in the red pill?
 
What's the coolest thing you've seen in someone else's house that you'd never want in your own house?
 
What's Jail Like?
 
What is a stereotypical "girlfriend" thing you never thought you'd do, but now you can't help it.
 
Dear Women, have you ever been in a happy relationship but just felt that longing to be single? How did it come about for you?
 
The "I Have Never Thread?" Post a parent comment of something you've genuinely never done. Denizens of AskWomen who have done said deed, reply with your stories!
 
Are any of you also really tired of friends constantly staring at their phones?
 
What are some good, ethical things you do for more selfish reasons?
 
What do you think of Louis CK's apology?
 
How common is... "The Ramp"?
 
What is your "best kept secret" website that you visit that few know about?
 
Mothers of Reddit, what is one time your mothers intuition saved your child's life? What is the story?
 
What are the early signs of a one sided relationship?
 
Women who've lived in multiple cultures where dating/sex/love was treated differently, what have your experiences been like?
 
Older Women of Reddit, what do you think is BETTER about today’s youth?
 
Women who have decided to be childless and elected to have their 'tubes tied' - how do you deal with the 'you'll change your mind' commentary?
 
What are you sick of seeing in guy's profiles on tinder?
 
What "thing" of yours would make Jerry Seinfeld/Elaine Benes nope out on a second date with you?
 
Ladies, what do you really think when a dude brings you to his place for the first time? What impresses you and what is a total turn off?
 
Where to find cute and quality underwear?
 
Unattractive women, what is the worst social experiences you’ve had due to your physical appearance?
 
Married ladies of reddit, what’s the difference in how men treat you vs before you were married?
 
People who have been very poor: what is something you've done to get by that impressed even you as a new ''low''?
 
When did you realize you were funny and how do you think having a good sense of humor has helped you in your life?
 
What's one aspect of being adult you found weird/never anticipated?
 
How do you go from being a slob to being a highly self disciplined person?
 
My fellow pad wearers- are you sick of other ladies telling you that you need to use some other kind of period protection? Just me?
 
Why do so many people make such a big deal out of "triggers"?
 
Who are your favorite female comedians?
 
Women who live/lived alone, what are your tips for feeling safe?
 
What's the sweetest thing an SO has done for you?
 
Women who like to bake/cook: what is NOT worth making from scratch?
 
Does anyone remember those sweet virtual "paper doll" dress up websites back in the early 2000s?
 
How do you feel about receiving something like a postcard in the mail from a friend or someone you like?
 
When you enter a guys place for the first time what is an item(s) that he owns that makes him instantly more appealing/attractive?
 
Women that were friends with their SO before getting together: What did your friendship look like? How did you make the transition?
 
Is anyone else sort of "the ugly friend"? How do you deal with it without being sad all the time?
 
What's the most significant time you've trusted your gut instinct and been right?
 
What are things you can't believe other people put up with in relationships?
 
How did you stop feeling rushed into finding love or an SO?
 
AW: What is a hot insider tip you know because of your job that the rest of us should know too?
 
Broken after a breakup: what are your self-care tips?
 
What's a cool fact that can brighten everyone's day?
 
Women who "started" life at a later age how did it turn out? Do you have regrets?
 
Women who suffer with anxiety without access to therapy... what are your coping strategies?
 
Do you have any preferences/dealbreakers that would make the average Redditor angry?
 
How do women get laid? No, seriously?
 
So my [29F] girlfriend's doctor refuses to install permanent birth control on her, but has no problem suggesting that I [29M] should get a vasectomy instead. Thoughts?
 
What’s a self care thing you do that you swear by?
 
What's the harshest thing you've ever said to a significant other? Do you regret it?
 
Women in Medicine, how do you deal with arrogant and stubborn male colleagues who aren't necessarily intelligent?
 
Poor, broke, and down on your luck ladies, what are some things financially stable people say that annoy you?
 
Does anyone feel really pretty one day but absolutely ugly the next?
 
What's the best piece of advice you can give to the father of a little girl?
 
What has an ex ruined for you?
 
if you see your SO every single day, what do you do so that it's not so repetitive?
 
What insecurity about your body are you CONVINCED other women don't deal with?
 
What should I be asking my mother before she dies?
 
My period just leaked on my office chair. Help!
 
What are the signs that you're in a codependent relationship?
 
What 5 food things bring you the most joy?
 
Those of you with a PhD, what do you do for a living? Are you content with the decision to do a PhD?
 
If you were having sex with Son Goku and during the act he transformed into a Super Saiyan, would you be scared and how would you react?
 
What do you think of Gloria Steinem's statement that women who support Bernie Sanders are doing so because they want to please "the boys"?
 
What is a trait you have that helps you advance in your career?
 
Why is your friend who is always complaining about being single single?
 
(Trigger Warning, SH) Ladies of Reddit, to counter the ridiculous "Nice Guy" (TM) claim that, "It's only harassment if he's ugly but flirting if he's hot", what are some incidents where you've been creeped out or harassed by a guy you considered very physically attractive?
 
How old are you and what changes in female beauty standards have you seen during your lifetime?
 
Update, from the 24 year old who found out that she can't get pregnant and won't have periods anymore. Ladies and Gentleman...
 
Women aged 40 and/or above, what words of wisdom can you give women in their 20s?
 
(NSFW) Ladies who have have given birth naturally or had a cesarean, what is your best post-partum recovery tip?
 
How do you feel about the "Me Too" posts trending on social media?
 
What is something that you didn't learn about the opposite sex until living with them?
 
Women of Reddit: What are some things that guys worry about or have insecurities about that most women don't care about?
 
If you've had a hysterectomy, what was recovery like? How did you feel about losing your uterus?
 
Women of AW, what are some product categories where ''you get what you pay for'' doesn't apply, and in fact people are often getting ripped off?
 
What do you consider a "green flag" at the start of a relationship?
 
I just learned that Quizilla is no longer around. Anyone else spend their tween years taking stupid quizzes?
 
A friend's kid genuinely thought adults grew tattoos based on their personality. If this were true, what would yours be?
 
Women who have been pregnant, what is the craziest/most inappropriate thing someone said to you while you were pregnant?
 
In Charlottesville, the police refused to protect a synagogue next to which armed Neo-Nazis were marching and making threats. Do you think the police should have protected those at the synagogue? Why or why not?
 
What small change have you made in your life that's helped to make you into a better person?
 
Mamas of Ask Women, what do you wish you'd discussed with your spouse/co-parent/babydaddy before making a baby together?
 
Have you ever wondered if there was more to life, other than being really, really, ridiculously good looking?
 
Women who are dating someone they never thought they'd end up with, what's the story?
 
If you're trying to kill off a text convo but are too polite to ghost, what are hints you send out that the guy should recognize?
 
Ladies of reddit: what's your side hustle?
 
If you've ever had a creepy or unexplainable thing happen to you, what was it?
 
What's the worst place or context you've been hit on?
 
Have corsets become the awkward nerd girl's fedora?
 
If someone you liked rejected you, how would you feel about being told the reason (in an honest and respectful manner)?
 
What do you ladies think about the allegations against Aziz Ansari?
 
What are your experiences with “negging”?
 
Whelp, I just read a job posting for an "entry level" position that required 4-6 years of experience. I'm done for the day. What's boggled your mind and/or frustrated you today, AW?
 
Have you ever been helped out by a guy who noticed another creepy person bugging you? How did that turn out?
 
The US Treasury today announced that they are replacing Andrew Jackson on the $20 with Harriet Tubman. What are your thoughts on this, if any?
 
Women who didn't like your SO when you first met him but eventually ended up together,What was that one thing that made you like them?
 
Ladies, what do you really want your SO to do but you're caught in that ridiculous cycle of "but if I tell them then they're not really doing it because they want to"?
 
I just found out I'm pregnant. What was your experience with getting an abortion?
 
How do you get through those painful moments that it hits you how alone you are and that no one wants to date you?
 
Can I see your engagement rings?
 
Women who are experienced at sex: what is something you wish you had been taught/told rather than discovered?
 
Those of who have deleted all your social media, do you find that it has benefited your life in any way, or do you feel like you are missing out on something?
 
How many of you have trouble gauging how attractive you are, or whether or not you're attractive at all?
 
Sorry to be blunt but... Can someone please tell me the best kind of toilet paper that won't leave my vag looking like it just ate a half a roll? Getting real tired of this.
 
Muslim women, what’s your most embarrassing hijab story?
 
Women who have relied on food donations during their lives, what would you have liked to receive? What would you beg people not to donate?
 
If you had to make Neapolitan ice cream, but with three new flavours, what flavours would you use?
 
What is a product or service you love so much that you’d happily be that company’s spokesperson?
 
What's a pet name you hate being cake?
 
Do you think it is possible to feel heartbreak over someone you never truly dated?
 
Dove wants to shape body wash bottles like women's body types, a concept I find "mind-bottling." What women-targeted marketing campaigns do you find condescending?
 
Women who gave birth before age 16: How is your current relationship with that child?
 
What are the most striking or odd examples of men coming up with would-be solutions to women's problems?
 
Women over the age of 25, what would you tell your 25yr old you if you could go back in time?
 
Ladies, have you ever tried so hard and got so far... but in the end it didn't even matter?
 
Is it just me or has /r/askwomen turned into /r/howtopickupgirls???
 
Women who cohabitate, what's the best thing about living with your SO?
 
What does a healthy sibling relationship look like?
 
What do you think of the film "Get Out"?
 
What does your SO do that scares/freaks you out?
 
When was the first time you realised men/boys were looking at you sexually?
 
What are you're reluctant to try because you're "afraid you might like it"?
 
Millennials of Askwomen, what industries are you helping to kill?
 
What 'unattractive' qualities you find attractive ?
 
[META] Would you want to see a day in /r/askwomen that does not allow "Do women like guys who..." questions?
 
What are some signs (outside of a relationship context) that a guy might be toxic?
 
In what ways did your body permanently change after giving birth?
 
What's the dumbest thing you've done because you were too awkward to do the normal thing?
 
What would your ex's Tinder profile say if you wrote it?
 
Ladies, what is one skill that you SO has that when you found out made you swoon?
 
What is your fuckboy story?
 
Black women: How do you want white women to be allies, or to be helpful, in fighting racism? Do you want us to be actively engaged and if so how?
 
What went through your mind when you saw a erect penis for the first time in person?
 
Ladies, last night my SO told me, "You aren't the best looking girl I've dated but you *are* the best girlfriend I've ever had." What things has your SO told you that made you question your relationship?
 
The Umpqua Community College shooter described himself as "involuntary celibate", "foreveralone", etc. Do you ever get scared reading about guys who spew anger/frustration online because they never had a girlfriend?
 
Among people you know, do women sometimes treat their male partners in a way that would be considered inappropriate if the roles were reversed?
 
I dated someone for four-plus years and we still fell apart. Now, I see people getting engaged after a year and just wonder HOW. People with lost LTRs, how do you decide how long is long enough in your next relationship?
 
What did you cry over because you were on your period?
 
Ladies, I’m starting my first day of work tomorrow! What things did you wish you did/didn’t do on your first day/week?
 
What was the worst/most ridiculous thing you heard or anyone has said to you because you're a woman?
 
I want to have more in-person. female friends. Where did you meet yours?
 
Ladies who live in colder climates, how does your vagina breathe when you're trying to be warm?
 
Bridesmaids: What are some things that your brides did that really upset you?
 
Welcome to the Salty Spittoon, how tough are ya?
 
What would be the female version of the stereotype of the fedora-wearing, atheist, friend-zoned Redditor neck-beard?
 
[NSFW] Am I the only woman who feels depressed when I touch my nipples?
 
What do you think is the most frivolous thing people spend money on?
 
What are your most fun at home date ideas?
 
How do you initiate sex with your SO?
 
When you hear guys talking about how to attract women, what the thing that make you think "there's no way that works" no matter how many times you hear guys say it?
 
Women with long thin hair, what’s your go-to volumizing product?
 
Asian women of Reddit, what are your thoughts on the media stereotypes and portrayals of Asian women?
 
What are signs that a man is emotionally immature?
 
As I eat pasta salad with my hands to avoid going back into my job to get a fork, I'd like to ask, What is the most awkward thing you've done in the last week to avoid having to deal with people?
 
What's it like to be in a fullfilling romantic relationship?
 
What made the worst party you’ve been to so bad?
 
Those of you who have been on dates with redpillers/PUA/super sexists douchebags, how did it go ?
 
what specific moment made you realize you were in love?
 
Bisexual ladies who have had relationships with both women and men, what are the things that you can do with your boyfriend but not girlfriend; or with your girlfriend but not boyfriend?
 
Have you ever dated someone who makes you rethink all of your deal breakers? How did it go?
 
What interior design trend needs to die?
 
What's your favourite TED Talk?
 
Ladies, tell me your dating mishaps! I'm on a disaster date right now.
 
Just how common are unsolicited dick pics?
 
When have you taken the risk of going outside looking like crap, only to regret it?
 
Does anyone else have no idea whether or not you're attractive?
 
Would you want your fiancé to wear an engagement ring too?
 
Those of you who've lost a parent, what was the most comforting thing a friend did for or said to you?
 
Black women of AskWomen, what is something about you that your white friends won't really understand or relate to?
 
As a woman, whats an unpopular opinion you have on women or womens issues?
 
What is your holy grail product? It could be for anything!
 
Do you think "life skills" should be taught in schools? If so what should that include?
 
Have you ever dated someone on the autism spectrum and if so, how was the relationship? Would you do it again?
 
What are healthy women actually eating?
 
What is the dumbest thing you believed as a child?
 
What item of clothing do you avoid wearing in public?
 
Divorced Women of Reddit, What Are Some Things You Wish You Knew Before You Got Married?
 
Women who work 9-5 or equivalent, what’s your morning routine? Do you rush in the mornings to make it to work on time?
 
Have you ever had a good intuition or gut feeling that ended up coming true?
 
Fellow ladies who suffer from ingrown hair, what tricks do you use to get rid of them?(Please tell me if this is the wrong sub or where I should cross post)
 
Sex lingo: what terms don't you know? What are you surprised that other people don't know? How did you learn these terms?
 
Wedding planner (women), can you predict which couples will break up after marriage because of how they argue with each other or don't get along? What is the most incompatible couple you've seen?
 
What's your best worst college roommate story?
 
Women who regularly go braless, how do people treat you?
 
What is the most embarrassing thing you've ever done in the presence of your current partner?
 
What are your go-to ugly cry movies?
 
Ladies who enjoy casual sex, what health care and safety measures do you take?
 
I see a lot of crazy ex stories on here, Askmen, relationships, etc. But does anyone have a story of "The one that got away?"
 
How would you want to be supported by a male stranger if you get harassed?
 
How do you deal with the inevitable loss of a beloved pet?
 
The number of sex questions is too damn high! What video games are you looking forward to?
 
I always hear really terrible, off-putting things about pregnancy. What are some of the amazing bits of being pregnant that you don't hear about?
 
What kinds of friendships have you had with women who were significantly older than you?
 
Women of Reddit, what are things guys think you care about but actually don't?
 
There's so much wrong in the world - where do I even start donating money?
 
Women that WANTED children and had them, was it as amazing as you hoped/expected? Or did you regret it
 
Does Facebook and/or Instagram depress you sometimes?
 
What are some of the best makeup tips you know that you use most offen? Novice makeup user here
 
Women, what is something your SO does that seems small but can make your day/mood skyrocket?
 
What are little things men do that you can't stand?
 
Do you ever inform people "I HAVE A BOYFRIEND" when they ask you polite questions?
 
Tell me about a time you thought you'd never get over someone. What finally changed?
 
Women of reddit, what do you look for in a pizza?
 
What deal breaker(s) did you discover AFTER moving in with your SO?
 
What sexual experiments with your SO damaged your relationship?
 
Have you ever completely lost respect for a friend because of something they said or did? What happened?
 
What qualities do you look for in a cat?
 
What stereotype about men has the most negative effects on women?
 
What do you get tired of having to explain to men?
 
What’s a one thing that makes you think “I might be a super shitty girlfriend”?
 
Ladies, what have you found to be an effective way to comfort your man when he's stressed?
 
Ladies, what are your tips for walking in high heels! I just can’t seem to master it!
 
It's late night, dark outside, and you're walking on an empty sidewalk. I'm walking behind you for a pretty long time because I'm going in the same direction, do I speed up my pace to walk past you or slow down considerably?
 
How do you playfully annoy your SO?
 
Do you ever have moments when you look at your SO and think….DAMN I love this person?
 
Egg-holders of Earth, what are some of the vulnerabilities of your puny species and your planet?
 
Last night I watched Netflix on my smartphone in the shower. What was your last TECHNOLOGY, FUCK YEAH moment?
 
You've been given the job of making a list of five things that mean someone "has their life together". What would those five things be?
 
Do you regret having children?
 
How do you deal with the little gap between two buttons on a shirt that inevitably shows your bra?
 
What male character in tv or film is obviously a female fantasy?
 
Is your boyfriend/husband beautiful even without makeup and in what way?
 
What do you think a lot of people on Reddit are straight-up lying about?
 
Knowledgeable barbers/hairstylists, what drugstore shampoos and conditioners do you recommend and which ones to avoid?
 
What are some basic things about the female anatomy that every person should know? [Serious]
 
Have you had any "Holy shit, what am I doing with my life!?" moments recently, and what are they?
 
What harmless secret does your SO think he/she is hiding from you, and how did you find out about it?
 
I accidentally called my wallet my inventory. What video game terms have you used in real life without meaning to?
 
Women, do you have hair on your breasts? AM I ALONE?
 
What do you do between the time you get home from work and the time you go to bed?
 
Askwomen, what's a question that you wish more people would ask you on a first date?
 
For any midwives of reddit, how difficult was it to find a job in your field and how do you like your job?
 
Women who married "up", what has dealing with your partner's family been like?
 
What's a fun online quiz/questionnaire to do with your SO to find out more about each other?
 
Have you ever watched a movie you grew up watching and started relating to new people as you age? What movie and what did you start relating to?
 
For those who have been cheated on, looking back, did you know something was off while it was happening? How did it affect your relationship even when it was a secret?
 
What's one aspect of your relationship that AskWomen would vehemently disagree with?
 
What is the funniest thing that has ever happened to you during sex? Like actually made you laugh out loud during the act.
 
How the hell are you supposed to put your money away quickly when a cashier gives you change?
 
You're a high-profile celebrity, you've had a baby and Instagram is blowing up about it. Normal baby names are for normal people, so what's your unconventional celebrity baby name?
 
Women who went to college and "screwed up" academically, what happened after you graduated/dropped out and where are you now?
 
How much watermelon is an appropriate amount to eat in 36 hours?
 
How many days will you wear a bra for before washing it?
 
Was just in a deep conversation with a coworker, which resulted in me following him into the mens room. What have you had a mental fail at recently?
 
What do you think of having a "pajama party" for a 20 year olds birthday?
 
What are some downsides of being conventionally attractive?
 
Women who didn't get a start on a career until their mid/late twenties, what did you decide to do?
 
Women who had non-traditional weddings: how much pushback did you get from friends and family? What was the worst?
 
How would you react if someone you recently started dating/seeing asked for an STD test?
 
Have you ever had your hair cut against your will?
 
What's the story of the worst niceguy/neckbeard who you've encountered?
 
What the most useful “life-hack” that you know of?
 
Would you rather change gender every time you sneeze, or not be able to tell the difference between a muffin and a baby?
 
Hey ladies, how do I ask a vague and leading question about sex in such a way that I can sneakily fap to it without rousing your suspicions?
 
How would you feel about being proposed to with an emerald, sapphire, etc. ring rather than the typical diamond engagement ring?
 
What actress nailed a role so convincingly that it seemed they were born to play it?
 
What are some "girl secrets" that most guys won't know?
 
What's something an SO has said to you that made you go "Wow, you seriously think this way?"
 
Whats one grooming step that you can't make yourself care about?
 
What is the worst case of entitlement you've seen?
 
Who was your biggest hookup mistake?
 
If your pet(s) suddenly gained the ability to talk, what secrets would you be worried that they would tell people?
 
Those that have had someone attempt to murder them - how did you get over it and what else happened as a result?
 
Does anyone else just kind of wish they had someone to show them how to do all the girly stuff they've never got the hang of?
 
What cosmetic surgery did you have done, and after everything was said and done was it worth it for you?
 
Women who have placed their child for adoption, what was your experience like?
 
What seemingly benign movie or tv show is actually misogynistic as hell?
 
What do you think is the number one blunder men make when flirting with or hitting on women?
 
What’s your “I didn’t know I was pregnant” story?
 
What are your dating 'orange' flags?
 
Women, what is the best part of your marriage?
 
What do you find to be the most visible sign of casual misogyny?
 
Have you ever been cold approached on the street by a pigeon and given it a bagel?
 
Late bloomers, what were the biggest challenges you faced when you started dating, having sex, entered your first relationship, etc.?
 
What is an unrealistic romantic expectation that you still wish was possible?
 
How do you feel about your worst heartbreak now?
 
What delicious meal do you make that is so much simpler than it seems?
 
Women of color, is there anything popular TV shows or movies do to appeal to you that really annoys you?
 
Was anyone else shocked/surprised at Caitlyn Jenner's views on same-sex marriage?
 
Women of Reddit, what was the worst thing a man has ever told you in an attempt to hit on/flirt with you?
 
Your SO doesn’t initiate intimacy. How big of a deal is this to you and what goes through your head when this happens ?
 
What is often depicted or shown about women in media but never occurs in real life?
 
What historical figure has your opinion completely changed on?
 
Men of AskWomen, why do you answer here?
 
What was your most "wow that's so not like in the movies" sex moment?
 
Women who spray toilet seats with pee -- WHY?
 
What are your real life "Cat Person" stories?
 
What is the dumbest thing you have seen someone do?
 
What fetish does your SO have that you were surprised by?
 
How did falling in love feel different the second time around? Was it more intense, less giddy, etc? Do you think it had to do with the difference in SO or because of a change within yourself?
 
