People who haven't pooped in 2019 yet, why are you still holding on to last years shit?
Stan Lee has passed away at 95 years old
Reddit, how would you feel about a law that bans radio stations from playing commercials with honking/beeping/siren noises in them?
Without saying what the category is, what are your top five?
With all of the negative headlines dominating the news these days, it can be difficult to spot signs of progress. What makes you optimistic about the future?
[Serious] Americans, would you be in support of putting a law in place that government officials, such as senators and the president, go without pay during shutdowns like this while other federal employees do? Why, or why not?
Iceland just announced that every Icelander over the age of 18 automatically become organ donors with ability to opt out. How do you feel about this?
How would you feel about a law that requires people over the age of 70 to pass a specialized driving test in order to continue driving?
Professor Stephen Hawking has passed away at the age of 76
Suicide Prevention Megathread
You have just been cheated out of $1000 for a stupid brick. How do you take revenge?
What’s something small you can start doing today to better yourself?
You gain control of JK Rowling's twitter account for a day. What unnecessary piece of information do you add to Harry Potter lore?
Admins of Reddit, what's your favorite subreddit?
What are some slang terms a 50 year old dad can say to his daughter to embarrass her?
[Breaking News] Orlando Nightclub mass-shooting.
What do you think buzzfeed employees worked on while reddit was down yesterday?
What do you think is the single greatest photograph in history?
Proposed Alabama law would require residents to pass drug tests to get food stamps. What do you guys think of this?
In a video game, if you come across an empty room with a health pack, extra ammo, and a save point, you know some serious shit is about to go down. What is the real-life equivalent of this?
Teachers of Reddit, what are some positive trends you have noticed in today's youth?
What are the best free online certificates you can complete that will actually look good on a resume?
How would you feel about a law requiring parents that receive child support to supply the court with proof of how the child support money is being spent?
What's some juicy gossip you just found out in your personal lives?
What are some "guy secrets" girls don't know about?
If they made a show called "White Mirror" that was about all the positive aspects of the human/technology relationship, what would be the plot of certain episodes?
You have been accepted for an experiment: you must stay in a room with nothing but bed/toilet/food/water and no human contact for one month. If you succeed for the whole month without giving up, you get $5,000,000. Do you accept? And what are your coping strategies to avoid mental breakdown?
What’s the most amazing thing about the universe?
What free software is so good you can't believe it's available for free?
You are offered $1,000,000 USD if you can hide a pair of car keys from the entirety of the FBI force for 7 days. Where do you hide the keys?
Which conspiracy theory is so believable that it might be true?
Children of " I want to talk to your manager" parents, what has been your most embarassing experience?
Men with an anime girl as your profile picture, why?
What is a good weakness to mention on a job interview?
What's an 'oh shit' moment where you realised you've been doing something the wrong way for years?
A British charity that helps victims of forced marriage recommends hiding a spoon in your underwear if your family is forcing you fly back to your old country, so that you get a chance to talk to authorities after metal detector goes off - have you or anyone else you know done this & how did it go?
We are now less than 45 days from April Fool's Day. What 'long con' pranks should be started around now?
Rather than eating a family size bag of Doritos in 20 minutes, what are some healthy snack alternatives that can be consumed in large amounts?
What could the U.S.A. have spent $1,000,000,000,000 on instead of a 17 year-long war in Afghanistan?
Were you ever that 1 in 1,000,000? If so, what's your story?
[Serious] Should elderly people be forced to take tests regarding their motor vehicle operating abilities and mental fitness and get their motor vehicle license(s) revoked if they fail the test(s)? Why/why not?
You've found a suitecase full of $750k in cash in $100 dollar bills, in the brush next to a highway. You can tell that it's been there for at least a year. How would you integrate this money into your life without raising red flags?
What foods can a teenager cook for his parents to help their depression?
Donald Trump hasn’t tweeted in 19 hours, what are your theories on what’s happening in the White House right now?
You get $1,000,000 however, it's because $100 is taken from 10,000 random people. If nobody knows that you got the money, would you do it, why/why not?
You are given 300 million to make a movie but it HAS to bomb at the box office or else you die. What do you make?
High School teachers of Reddit, what is the one thing that you want your students to know that you’d never tell them in person?
If a genie grants you the opportunity to ejaculate $50 in cash instead of sperm every time you cum for the rest of your life meaning you can't have any more children, would you accept? Why, why not?
What are some psychology experiments with interesting results?
What YouTube channels are genuinely worth watching?
People who do 30mph on an on ramp to a highway where the speed limit is 65mph. Why do you do this?
If authors 'covered' novels, the way musicians cover songs, which covered novel would you be most excited to read?
What free software is so good you can't believe it's free?
If you were offered immortality, but everytime moonlight shined on you, you'd be a walking skeleton, would you accept it? if so, why?
What's a joke that's so stupid it's funny?
Police officers of Reddit, who’s the smartest criminal you’ve ever encountered?
Multilinguals, what's your "they didn't realise I could understand their language" story?
What free software is so good you can't believe it's free?
What's the best way to ruin a perfectly good bout of depression?
What is something super important that is on the verge of happening?
You will get $10 million cash but Samuel L Jackson will be there to shout "motherfucker" for every dollar you spend, will you be happy? And Why?
What's the most kind/beautiful thing you've overheard about yourself by accident?
Parents who knock on their kids' doors and then immediately open it anyway, what's your thought process?
People who read the terms and conditions of any website or game. What's something you think other people should know about them?
What's the "went through med school just to realize you couldn't stand the sight of blood" of your job field?
Besides eating cereal with water what is the most outrageous "eating sin" you have ever witnessed?
People who have ordered a bars "safeword" drink to get out of a bad situation, what was your date like and how did the staff help?
Daughters of reddit, what is something you wish your father knew about girls when you were growing up?
What is the craziest encounter of 'rich kid syndrome' that you have experienced?
Couples of Reddit, what's the most unromantic thing that's happened between the two of you that actually is a stronger indication of love than others might think?
What are some cheat codes you've found in the game of life?
If someone borrowed your body for a week, what quirks would you tell them about so they are prepared?
What dire warning from your parents turned out to be bullshit?
Lawyers of Reddit, what was your “oh shit” moment in court?
What kind of teenage bullshit probably happened at Hogwarts that wasn’t mentioned in the Harry Potter books?
What small thing makes you automatically distrust someone?
Blind gay people of Reddit, how did you know you were gay?
What is an adult life equivalent of calling your teacher "mom"?
What’s the most “I’m turning into my parents” moment for you?
What is something you did that increased your quality of life so much that you wished you would have done it much sooner because it changed your life forever?
Medical professionals of Reddit, when did you have to tell a patient "I've seen it all before" to comfort them, but really you had never seen something so bad, or of that nature?
The first picture of a Black Hole will be revealed next week, what do you think it will look like?
What is the most effective psychological “trick” you use?
What's a really cheap item you can buy that can make you look incredibly rich?
If you were given the chance to start your life over at age 10 right now, but still retain all of your current knowledge and memories, would you? Why or why not?
Ladies, just like leggings can very easily attract a guys attention, what is something guys wear that will attract your attention?
What food can you bring to an office holiday part that says, "I brought food because the office party is mandatory"?
What is an underrated website everyone should know about?
People who honk in traffic jams, what are you trying to achieve?
What's something your employer did that instantly killed employee morale?
[Serious] What can the international community do to help the teens in Bangladesh against the ongoing government killings and oppression?
Redditors who have been clinically dead, what did you experience in death, if anything?
Teachers of reddit, what is the smartest/most creative way of cheating that you've seen?
You've been granted one wish by the Douchebag Genie. He takes advantage of people's poor wording when making wishes to screw them over. What do you wish for?
What are some of the most interesting 24/7 live-streaming webcams to watch from around the world?
What "you know what, just to be safe..." thing you did ended up saving your ass later?
Let's pretend violent video games teach you to use a gun to kill people. What other skills have you inconspicuously picked up playing video games?
What are the best, most useful, must-have Google Chrome extensions?
What is something in YOUR life that is SUPER FUCKING AWESOME?
You are offered 10 million dollars but you have to participate in a porn movie that your family and friends are going to be aware of, do you take this offer or not? Why?
Would you continue to be vegan if you had to grow every single vegetable you wanted to eat? Why or why not?
What bot accounts on reddit should people know about?
Hey Reddit, what's the strangest coincidence you've ever personally experienced?
What is the most hurtful thing a medical professional has ever said to you?
You have to fight an exact copy of yourself to the death, how do you outsmart yourself?
What exists for the sole purpose of pissing people off?
What will the first reddit post that reaches 1 million upvotes be about?
What's the most fucked up shit you've walked into?
Redditors with good eyesight, what is it like to be able to watch your haircuts in progress?
Redditors with less than a year left to live, what is on your bucket list and how can we help you?
What’s the adult version of “there is no Santa Claus”?
What's a genuine question you have that Google can't seem to answer but maybe somebody on Reddit can?
Bartenders of Reddit, what’s an underrated drink more people should try?
What can you not believe we still have to deal with in 2019?
What’s going on on the non-English parts of the internet that we’re all missing out on?
What’s the dumbest thing your significant other has said or done?
You are physically incapable of ever lying again, but you get $10,000,000. Do you take it, and why or why not?
Redditors with toddlers, what’s the most recent illogical breakdown they’ve had?
What’s a "Let that sink in" fun fact?
What life-altering things should every human ideally get to experience at least once in their lives?
What is your 2018 video game recommendation of the year?
What tasty food would be distusting if eaten over rice?
What has been the best corporate Darwin Award? A decision made by a company that basically killed the business?
What job exists because we are stupid ?
What's that one product that is completely worth your money?
What are some things that sound like compliments but are actually insults?
[Serious]What are some of the creepiest declassified documents made available to the public?
What is your mom's catchphrase?
Etymologists of Reddit, what is the coolest origin of a word? Entomologist of Reddit, what's your best bug fact?
People who made an impulse decision when they found out Hawaii was going to be nuked, what did you do and do you regret it?
What are some “guy secrets” girls don’t know about?
Redditors with SOs who talk in their sleep, what is the creepiest thing they've said?
What are some good weird questions to ask someone to get to know them better?
What are some underrated combinations?
What sounds like fiction but is actually a real historical event?
What will be the "turns out cigarettes are bad for us" of our generation?
A ghost will haunt you forever. You can choose who he/she was before dying. Who's your ghost?
What are some recent scientific breakthroughs/discoveries that aren’t getting enough attention?
What do you genuinely just not understand?
What is a unique “game” you played as a child?
Your options are: 50 hawks, 10 crocodiles, 3 brown bears, 15 wolves, 1 hunter, 7 cape buffalo, 10,000 rats, 5 gorillas and 4 lions - you must pick 2 that will defend you while the rest are coming to kill you. Which do you pick and why?
People who make passive-aggressive posts on /r/Askreddit that accomplish nothing, why do you do this?
What’s something weird/funny/embarrassing you’ve done on Auto Pilot?
Bartenders of Reddit, what is the strangest conversation you've ever overheard because people assume sound doesn't travel over the bar?
[Serious] Whats the creepiest/scariest thing that you've seen but no one believes you?
What food has made you wonder, "How did our ancestors discover that this was edible?"
What is a great YouTube channel to binge watch?
What is your go-to never-fail joke?
There are many well known habits people know they should never get into; drugs, drinking, gambling, etc... What are some less well known things or habits that people shouldn't get into?
What's your most unbelievable "pics or it didn't happen" moment, whereby you actually have the pics to prove it happened?
What’s the most inappropriate thing you’ve witnessed at a funeral?
Why don’t you do the things you know you should be doing?
What are some cool websites where you can download free stuff?
What is a song lyric that really hits you hard?
What YouTube channel is great to binge?
Americans of Reddit, what is something you didn't realise was typically American, until you went abroad?
What are some of the BEST choices, you've made in your life?
When someone tells you a "man walks into a bar" joke, do you always imagine the same bar? If so what does it look like?
What is an essential, not-so-obvious skill in life?
Which basic knowledge did you totally forget for a moment?
What's the fastest way you've seen someone improve their life?
Einstein said “If you can't explain it to a six year old, you don't understand it yourself.” How would you explain your job?
What's your 'fuck this, I quit!' story?
What's a 10/10 album from the last 15 years by a relatively obscure artist/band?
Reddit, what are some fun things to do on New Year’s Eve if you’re not a big party goer/under 21?
What's a short, clean joke that gets a laugh every time?
What “common sense” is actually wrong?
What’s the dumbest excuse your girlfriend/boyfriend has used for cheating on you?
If your employer gave you the option to work 10 hr days Mon-Thurs instead of 8 hr days Mon-Fri would you do it? Why not why not?
When did your feeling about "Something is very wrong here." turned out to be true?
Generally calm people of Reddit, what made you lose your absolute shit that time?
What is your favorite dead meme?
Government employees that voted for trump, what are your current thoughts about him as president?
What is a sensation that you can't stand, even though it's not painful ?
What is a hobby that requires little to no money?
Straight people of Reddit, when and how did you realize that you like the opposite sex?
What is the most useful Windows keyboard shortcut you think everyone should know?
If you were a bender and could manipulate one of the 4 elements (earth, water, air, fire) which one would you choose and why?
What’s the stupidest thing you’ve heard a person say aloud in public?
What’s the most bullshit “fact” you can make up that sounds true?
What’s the most “are you really that stupid” thing you’ve ever heard ?
Redditors who have eaten at the Times Square Olive Garden, why?
If you suddenly came into the possession of 20 tons of Nutella what would you do?
You get a check for $500 in the mail every time you poop, but you always have diarrhea. Do you accept, and how do you capitalize?
What do you need a compliment on that would make your day better?
What unsolved mystery has absolutely no plausible explanation?
What 'cinema sin' is the most irritating, that filmmakers need to stop committing immediately?
What is the biggest load of bullshit you have ever been told?
You wake up in Kim Jong Un's body. You can speak and understand Korean. Without getting assassinated by your commanders, how do you transition North Korea and its people from an Orwellian state of despair to a prosperous nation so you can then ride your fame to launch your career in music?
In America, names like John and Mary are known as common names. What are the "John" and "Mary" names of other countries?
What game is easy to learn but also very satisfying to play?
Redditors who are married to someone with an identical twin: what are your feelings towards that twin?
Long Haul Truckers: What's the creepiest/most paranormal thing you've seen on the road at night?
What video game sound effect can you still hear in your head?
What are people slowly starting to forget?
What's a rule that was implemented somewhere, that massively backfired?
What's a fucked up movie everybody should watch at least once?
Shy/introverted people of Reddit: what is the furthest you’ve ever gone to avoid human interaction?
What's the equivalent of going to a White House dinner and being served McDonalds?
What was the dumbest thing you ever did to try and impress a girl or guy?
Goodwill/thrift shop workers, what are some of the strangest things you've found in the donations?
Hawaii wants to create a law that will ban games with loot boxes to people under 21 years old. What do you think about that?
What is unethical as fuck, but is extremely common practice in the business world?
What tastes so good you can’t believe it’s healthy?
What’s a real fact that some people don’t want to accept?
Adults of reddit who were depressed kids or teens, what is it like to be here when you didn't expect to make it this far? What would you tell your younger self if you could?
What is a great quote you heard in a porno?
What is your opinion on the moon?
What is the most "worth it" item you have ever purchased?
What is the biggest everyday scam that people put up with?
Tomorrow is the 17 year anniversary of the terror attacks of September 11th, 2001. Where were you that day?
What is something that really freaks you out on an existential level?
What question did you post on askreddit that you still want answers to because it got barely any responses?
What common product has a feature you’re not sure everyone is aware of?
Professors and university employees of Reddit, what behind-the-scenes campus drama went on that students never knew about?
People who have been in a coma, what was it like from your perspective? Did you know you were in a coma?
[Breaking News] Donald Trump will be the 45th President of the United States
Besides attacking McDonalds employees for sauce packets, whats the worst fan-boy meltdown you've seen in public?
What strange thing did you find out about someone else that they thought was perfectly normal?
Reddit, if you die today, and the afterlife hands you a book that contains all stats from your life, which stat will you look up first and why?
What is extremely rare but people think it’s very common?
You are given a brick and told to sell it for $1000. If you succeed you get $1million. You cannot tell anyone your goal. What is your plan?
[Serious] What’s the scariest thing you’ve experienced that you have photo evidence of?
What part of being an adult were you absolutely not prepared for?
What is your favorite "holy crap this actually works" trick?
Deaf community of reddit, what are the stereotypical alcohol induced communication errors when signing with a drunk person?
What food has made you wonder, "How did our ancestors discover that this was edible?"
What common item has a feature that most people do not know?
If you had the option to give up sleeping in exchange for never feeling tired again, would you do it? Why or why not?
What have you seen genuinely shitty people do that they thought was perfectly acceptable?
When someone says "I miss you" and you don't miss them, what do you reply?
What was your "Oh shit my life is over my parents are gonna kill me" moment you had as a child/teen?
What’s the stupidest thing you’ve seen a grown-ass adult get angry over?
What’s a tip that everyone should know which might one day save their life?
What do you know about your workplace that you are not supposed to know?
You’re given immortality but the cost is being sent back 2000 years. Would you accept and what would you do?
What’s the one horror movie that genuinely terrified you while watching it?
skyscraper window cleaners of reddit, what is most bizarre thing you’ve ever seen on the job?
Redditors who add onto an elaborate fantasy world/story while falling asleep, what is the story?
When did your "Something is very wrong here" feeling turned out to be true?
Which insanely popular or successful movie you secretly hate but are afraid to say if in the open fearing backlash from "fans"?
What did you not understand as a kid, but you now understand as an adult?
Multilingual Redditors, What is your "They didn't realize I spoke their language" story?
Marriage/engagement photographers/videographers of Reddit, have you developed a sixth sense for which marriages will flourish and which will not? What are the green and red flags?
Students of Reddit: What is your best school life-hack?
What are some red flags for teachers that scream "drop this class immediately?"
What's an absolute turn off about your own personality that you're aware of but can't help?
Non-Americans of Reddit, what's the biggest story in your country right now?
What is the most memorable moment you shared with a stranger who you never saw again?
What is a fun game you play in your head to kill time?
What hobby would you like to give a try but don't because of the expense?
What is the stupidest question on this sub that you have seen get super successful?
We hear a lot about the unethical companies of the world. What are some of the more ethical companies out there that we should be supporting?
For those with office jobs, what little touches have you added to make your desk a little more pleasant?
what character had the best character arc?
Anyone who won a "lifetime supply" of something, what did you win, and are they still supplying it to you?
What is a dirty business tactic that you know and everyone should be aware of it?
What movie was basically just an ad?
For those who have witnessed a wedding objection during the "speak now or forever hold your peace" portion; what happened?
Redditors who rage quit a job without thinking, what was the last straw?
A witch puts a curse on you, every time you fart everyone hears the sound effect of your choosing— Redditors, what sound do you choose?
What's the most awkward situation you've ever been in with a stranger?
What is your favorite thing in your 'SAVED' section?
Other than doing the homework while the teacher is collecting it, what’s an “extreme sport”?
Hey, Reddit, those of you with partners who talk in their sleep; what is the creepiest/weirdest/or most random thing they've said?
Hunters of Reddit, what did you see out there that made you not want to go back into the woods?
What's your top "wow, that actually worked?" moment?
What’s a family secret you didn’t get told until you were older that made things finally make sense?
What's the best/scariest/most interesting 'internet rabbithole' you have found?
What old insults need to make a comeback?
What “words of wisdom” have always stuck with you?
Doctors of reddit, what made you say "how the fuck is this person still alive"?
What is the best loophole that you've ever found?
If 0 is entirely evil and 100 is entirely good, what number are you? Why?
What movie could have been over in 10 minutes, if the main character wasn't such a dumb ass?
With all the talk about walking out of Holmes and Watson, what movies have you walked out on?
Pizza delivery drivers of reddit, what was the most fucked up place you’ve ever stopped at?
What is the one story you want to tell, that you can never fit into a conversation?
[Serious] What are some of the biggest mistakes people can make in their 20s?
What’s something the internet killed that you miss?
What is something that you are NEVER FUCKING BUYING AGAIN?
What thing exists but is strange to think about it being out there somewhere right now?
With the adage "nothing is ever deleted from the Internet" in mind, what is something you HAVE seen vanish from the net?
What was your scariest "A second later and I would've died" moment?
How can you describe your legal, legitimate job so it sounds illegal or sketchy?
Since Donald Trump has been President of the United States, what negative impacts has him being president caused you personally?
The JFK Records Act of 1992 states that all government documents related to the Kennedy assassination be declassified on October 26, 2017. What would be the most surprising thing to find out?
There's a room in your house where time doesn't flow. You could stay in there for as long as you could possibly want, and not a second will have passed outside that room. What would you use this room for?
What weird things happen during sex that nobody warns you about?
What's the most strangely unique punishment you ever received as a kid? How bad was it?
You've just finished having sex, what do you say to make it awkward?
Males of Reddit who give birthday blowjobs to their best friends as a gift, when did you start this tradition and how did you find about it and what happened?
What are some fun things to do around with your SO at home that isn’t sex?
What is your mom's catch phrase?
What's a non-sexual moment equivalent of an orgasm?
Ex-cons of Reddit: What was the hardest prison-habit to break after being released?
What’s a simple thing someone can do to better their life?
What's something horrible you've witnessed as a child but did not completely understand, only to discover later in life how horrible it really was?
What's not as bad as everyone says?
What's a secret you won't share with anyone in person, but you are willing to share anonymously?
The porn industry wants to start turning historical events into adult films, what are some of the titles they come up with?
What's the rudest thing a guest has ever done in your home?
What's the creepiest place you've been?
People who have had sex with someone with a disability of some sorts, what was different about that experience?
Students of Reddit, have you ever lost your temper with a teacher? What's your story?
Reddit, what is a legendary comment thread that everyone should read?
What quote from a video game stuck with you?
People who "switched sides" in a highly divided community (political, religious, pizza topping debate), what happened that changed your mind? How did it go?
What are some of the most disturbing Wikipedia pages to read?
[Serious] Redditors who have been to therapy, what is the differences between going to a therapist and talking it out with someone you really trust?
What everyday household items are actually way more dangerous than we give them credit for?
What is something your partner has done during sex that completely ruined it for you?
Which historical figure would be the most obnoxious Instagram "influencer"?
Elon Musk has announced he is opening a human zoo. You would be paid two million dollars per year to live in a clear exhibit on display. Would you sign up? Why/Why not?
What shouldn't exist, but does?
Fellow Americans, How would you feel about eliminating tipping in exchange for providing a livable wage for the service industry?
It's almost 2020, what futurist thing did you seriously think we'd have by now?
People who were alive then, what were you doing December 31st 1999 ?
Airplane pilots of Reddit, what was your biggest "We're all fucked up" moment that you survived and your passengers didn't notice?
What's your best "Fire me, I fucking dare you" moment from work?
What's the best advice you've ever received for making a sandwich better?
What skills can a poor 19 y/o learn to help make an income and get further in life?
What was the "removing the headphone jack" of another industry?
Which creepy urban legend turned out to be true?
You're offered $1 billion dollars, but you have 10 years taken from your lifespan. Do you take the money? Why or why not?
Dungeon Masters of Reddit, what is the most surprising thing your players have done in-game?
What podcasts are you most enjoying right now and why?
Would you take a 50% chance of dying instantly, right now, for $100,000,000,000 if you live? Why or why not?
Doctors and nurses of Reddit, have you ever witnessed a couple have a child that was obviously not the father's? If so, what happened?
What is considered lazy, but is really useful/practical?
What is the “I study animation so I can draw my own porn” of other majors?
Flight attendants and pilots of Reddit, what are some things that happen mid flight that only the crew are aware of?
What is your "I wish I had started doing that earlier in my life"?
Guys, what's the most obvious "hint" you got from a girl that turned out not to be a hint?
What’s the scariest thing that happened to you when in someone else’s house?
What was very popular in the 90s and almost extinct now ?
People who stand up immediately after the plane lands even though you are 30 rows deep, why?
What did you do sexually with your first partner that you only realised wasn't normal when you got into a new relationship?
When was your last “I gotta get the hell out of here” moment?
What are the worst injuries you have sustained doing the simplest, most mundane tasks that should not have caused any injuries?
What's the last straw that made you go, "yep, that person is definitely crazy"?
Waiters who grate cheese until customers say “stop”, what’s the longest you’ve ever gone for?
What activity is socially accepted but actually borderline psychotic?
When is the least appropriate time to do finger guns?
[Serious] People who were in prison during 9/11, what was that like?
People that have friends: How?
You're offered $200,000 but you can't use the internet for an entire year, how do you keep yourself occupied?
How are you doing?
Girls, when the guys aren't around, what are your true thoughts on Pascal's principles of hydrostatics?
What innocent question has someone asked you that secretly crushed you a little inside?
What do you feel like you're missing out on?
What profession was once highly respected, but is now a complete joke?
What is perfectly legal but creepy as hell?
Escape The Room Employees, what is the weirdest thing you've seen someone do in one of the rooms?
What were some of the worst experiences you have had while working in the fast food industry?
What dish is extremely easy to prepare, but makes you look like an incredible chef?
What toxic behavior has been normalized by society?
What is a fact that you think sounds completely false and that makes you angry that it's true?
If you were filthy rich, what's a totally unnecessary but cool and outrageously eccentric thing you would buy?
You get a check for $500 in the mail every time you poop, but you always have diarrhea. Do you accept, and how do you capitalize?
Reddit, As of Lately, What Has Been The BEST Thing You've Recently Discovered on the Internet?
What fact totally changed your perspective?
[Serious]People who have had somebody die for you, what is your story?
What the fuck is stopping you from doing what makes you happy and how are we fixing it by the end of today?
Hairdressers of reddit. Do you notice when your clients are not happy with their hair but are still trying to be polite? What do feel in these moments?
Parents of Reddit, what is the most embarrassing thing your toddler said out loud in public?
What's the one Reddit Post that you will never forget?
What’s the most fucked up thing you’ve seen someone do at work and still not get fired?
Lawyers who put together wills, what is the craziest/oddest thing someone wanted to put in theirs?
Today marks 100 years since the end of world war 1. What are some stories and facts that we should hear or know about this "War to end all Wars"?
If you were paid $1000 a day, doubling each day, to stay in a blank room containing only food, water, and a toilet, how long would you stay in there and why?
If someone says "Tell me a joke", what is the first joke you tell them?
What is the shittiest advice you've ever gotten?
What is a song that you consider to be perfect?
You are part of the FBI, how would you wreck the shit out of the Redditors trying to hide a key from you?
You'll get $100.000 if you binge-watch the same movie for a week straight with only 4h sleep a night, what movie do you pick?
whats the most hurtful thing you’ve overheard about yourself by accident?
Teachers of Reddit, when can you tell if a student is going through depression or self-loathing? If so, what do you try to do to help?
What was the tipping point of your last relationship?
Waiters and Waitresses of Reddit, what is the most awkward couple date you have ever witnessed at work?
What is one "unwritten rule" you think everyone should know and follow?
Have you ever (correctly) had a gut-feeling to dislike someone who, on the surface, was a cool person that everybody else liked? What's that story?
What’s a song that is VERY “out of character” for you, but you absolutely love it? What genre do you typically prefer?
Other than an improperly rolled burrito falling apart while you're eating it, what is a minor misfortune that disproportionately infuriates you?
Which misconception would you like to debunk?
History buffs of Reddit, what is one of the most fascinating stories you've learned that no one seems to talk about and can't be found in textbooks?
What’s the most embarrassing thing you did as a kid that you think about to this day?
What movie is so ridiculously stupid, but you secretly love it?
Anyone who has been a live witness to a Gordon Ramsey's Kitchen Nightmares episode, what was it like? Is it all staged?
You get to choose a skill at which you will be best at. But instead of you getting better, everyone else just gets worse. What skill do you choose?
When was the moment you realized that your best friend wasn't your best friend?
If you could stand in one place in the world and watch everything that ever happened there throughout history, where would be the most interesting place to stand?
If your employer gave you the option to work 10 hr days Mon-Thurs instead of 8 hr days Mon-Fri would you do it? Why not why not?
What NEW obnoxious traits are you noticing in society?
What did you think you were really good at, until you watched someone else do it?
Former undercover cops of Reddit, what is the craziest thing you had to do to not blow your cover?
If every rapper became farmers who would have the freshest beets?
Redditors, what started off as a small lie but then snowballed into "This is my life now?"
What is something you will never be able to tolerate?
As a straight guy, what’s the gayest thing you’ve done?
[Serious]South Koreans of Reddit, how did they teach you about the existence of North Korea in School when you were young?
Would you support airlines creating child-free flights? Why or why not?
What nonsense did you believe for way too long before you found out it was made up?
What was the weirdest thing someone asked you to do during sex?
[SERIOUS] What are some places on Earth that are still unexplored because locals fear them? And what are they afraid of?
What “old person” things do you do?
Ladies, what is the most obvious hint you've dropped that went unnoticed by a guy?
Parents of Reddit, what lessons have to tried to teach your kids that completely backfired?
What are some “girl secrets” guys don’t know about?
Americans who visited Europe, what was your biggest WTF moment?
What is the creepiest thing that's happened to you personally that made you question reality?
What mistake should have killed you?
What’s the worst lesson someone could learn from a Disney movie?
What do you *NEVER* fuck with?
What's a product or service you should NEVER cheap out on?
What BIG THING is on the verge of happening?
What is the craziest excuse someone has given you that ended up being true?
What’s that one story you’ve always wanted to tell on r/askreddit, but no one has ever asked the right question?
What "I know it sounds weird, but just try it" thing do you swear by?
What are the best life hacks for poor people?
People who have hired other people: What are some unexpected ways a candidate has disqualified themselves from / decreased their odds of getting a position they applied for?
Who's the stupidest person you've ever met, and what story perfectly sums up their stupidity?
Drill Instructors/Drill Sergeants of Reddit, what’s the funniest thing you’ve seen a recruit do that you couldn’t laugh at?
What is your high school crush doing now?
What perfectly good product was made worse when they “improved” it?
Hotel workers of reddit, what is the worst thing you have found in a room after a guests stay?
What is the scariest film that doesn't resort to cheap jump scares?
You are given 24 hours to make people say your first name. Every time that someone new says your name, your bank account goes up by $100. Where do you go and what do you do to make the most money?
What used to be extra common in movies that you just don't see in movies anymore?
How would you feel if you woke up right now, and the last 10 years of your life were a dream?
What is the "it's not a bug, it's a feature" of your existence?
People of Reddit, what are some of the “guy code” and “girl code” unwritten rules that you always follow?
Iceland has recently proposed a ban on circumcision. How would you feel about this in your own country?
As a teenage boy in middle or high school, what confused you the most about teenage girls?
If all of a sudden all humans simultaneously lost the ability to sneeze, how long do you think it would take mankind as a collective to realize?
What's the worst case of over-sharing you've experienced on social media?
What's a deeply unsettling fact?
Has anyone ever gone through with a marriage pact? You know, like a “if we’re not married by 30 we’ll marry each other”. How did it work out?
People who grew up middle/upper class, what did you not believe about low income households but it was actually true?
What is the scariest, most terrifying thing that actually exists?
What ‘kind’ gesture actually annoys you?
If Santa’s lump of coal was updated for the modern era, what would he give to bad boys and girls?
What’s a super-useful item one should carry with them at all times, since you never know you could need it?
What would you do if the words "Simulation ending in 23H 59M 59S" appeared in the sky?
AskReddit has reached 20 million subscribers!
What’s the hardest thing you ever had to say to someone?
What was something you saw you were definitely not supposed to see?
You’re in a world where everything is the same, but it’s illegal for minors to appear in movies and TV so adults have played all the roles of children in everything. What do you watch first?
Teachers of Reddit, what is the biggest holy-shit-red-flag of any kind you’ve seen from a student? [NSFW]
[Serious] What revenge of yours hit the victim way worse than you thought it would, to the point you said "maybe I shouldn't have done that"?
How would you feel if a grocery store was legally required to donate all of the food that it couldn’t sell to the food bank?
What is the harshest G-Rated insult you have received?
OK Reddit - What just isn't worth the effort?
[Serious] Redditors who felt like they would never ever find a romantic partner and then did: what advice would you give to those who feel the same way now?
Ladies, what's the weirdest fetish a guy has dropped on you all of a sudden with little to no warning? Were you with it or...against it?
How many of you have pencil lead stuck in your hand and how did it happen?
Reddit, what’s the most “Chaotic Good” thing you’ve ever seen?
What real event in your life , had it happened in a book or movie, would be obvious foreshadowing?
If historical figures actually did roll in their graves, which grave would generate the most power if hooked up to a generator?
You are immortal for the next 24 hours, what do you do?
When did your "Something is very wrong here" feeling turned out to be true?
What is good for only a minute?
What is the scariest film that doesn't resort to cheap jump scares?
What is the worst/scariest thing that has woken you up?
How would you feel about a law that requires anyone under the age of 25 to pass a specialized test in order to have children?
What is something that everyone praises but is actually horrible?
What crazy ass story do you need to tell?
Australians of reddit, what is your great-great-great-great-grandparents crime?
Guys who eat ass, why?
If Jesus was unavailable, who would you scream at to take the wheel?
Redditors, what's the most unbelievable thing that has ever happened in the existence of mankind and what makes it so hard to grasp the reality that the event occurred ?
Professors that have been offered sexual favors by students or students that have offered sexual favors to professors, what happened?
What is something that is considered as "normal" but is actually unhealthy, toxic, unfair or unethical?
What's the quickest you've "Noped" out of a job?
What comes across as selfish but actually isn’t?
Kids, when did you realize your parents might be terminally stupid?
Women of Reddit, what are some obvious hints that you made to guys you were into that flew right over their heads?
Schizophrenics of reddit, what were the first signs of your break from reality and how would you warn others for early detection?
Truck drivers of Reddit’s; What is your most NSFW story from the road?
In 2016 our favorite celebrities died. In 2017 many turned out to be creeps. In 2018 what will they do?
What conspiracy theory, if proven true without a shadow of a doubt, would cause the most chaos in less than 24 hours?
What is this one sexual fact everyone would benefit knowing?
Former cult members of Reddit, at what moment did you go, “oh fuck, I’m in a cult”?
What movie did you see when you were "too young" that scarred you for life?
Flight attendants, what are some things we as passengers don’t know when we fly? Also what are the negative aspects of your job?
Gamers, ever stop playing a game for so long, that by the time you come back you're so lost you have to start over, if so, what game was it?
What was the worst "why the f*** did I say that" moment?
What "Life Pro Tip" have you learned from Reddit that you still use every time the situation presents itself?
What’s the most refreshing act of “I don’t give a fuck” that you’ve ever witnessed?
What's the weirdest thing you've done while your brain was on autopilot?
What is a green flag in someone that makes you think 'they're a good person'?
[Serious] History is full of well-documented human atrocities, but what are the stories about when large groups of people or societies did incredibly nice things?
What’s a pointless fact you know?
Whats the strangest thing you found in your house/property after you bought it?
If Reddit was a sinking ship (literally), what would each subreddit do?
To the people on a plane on 9/11, what did your pilots tell you when they grounded all flights?
What is the "Thing we don't talk about" in your family?
To people who've lived in a rough neighborhood (places with gang violence and stuff). What challenges did you face on a day to day basis? What experiences have stayed with you?
What joke do you tell when someone asks you to "tell a joke"?
Teachers of reddit, what was the most annoying thing you ever had to deal with in class?
What was ruined because too many people started doing it?
People who have lost a single shoe on the side of the interstate, how did that happen?
Women, what do you find most confusing about men?
Formerly lazy people, what things did you do to overcome your laziness?
What products serve a better purpose than what they were designed for?
Cops of Reddit, what is the most stupid criminal you have ever met?
Trump reportedly has written his own inaugural address, how can we turn it into a drinking game?
If we lost all memory of photoshop, but the pictures remained, which photo would be hardest to explain?
[Serious] Parents of Reddit, what’s something your kids do without realizing it hurts your feelings?
What’s the most embarrassing thing a parent has done to you?
Pro-Life people of reddit, if abortion was stopped what would be the plan to ensure the welfare of the thousands of neglected and unwanted children?
What was the creepiest or most paranormal thing that’s ever happened to you?
Defense lawyers of Reddit, what is it like to defend a client who has confessed to you that they’re guilty of a violent crime? Do you still genuinely go out of your way to defend them?
Redditors who own multiple pets: what’s the drama going on amongst them right now?
What is your favorite quote from Spongebob?
What’s one piece of Reddit folklore that every user should know about?
Divorce lawyers of Reddit, what's the worst way you've seen someone fuck over their spouse?
Doctors of Reddit, what are some of your worst experiences with anti-vaxxers?
What's the biggest plot twist you've seen in real life?
Do you think nuclear weapons will be used offensively in our lifetime? Why or why not?
What can't you believe people actually buy or spend money on?
What's the weirdest thing you've done as a result of social anxiety?
You and a super intelligent snail both get 1 million dollars, and you both become immortal, however you die if the snail touches you. It always knows where you are and slowly crawls toward you. What's your plan?
Referring to your pet as only "My roommate", what's something your roommate does?
What's the best 2 player games to play with a significant other?
Why are you on Reddit right now instead of spending time with your family?
What is a universally accepted pain that most people know the feeling of?
What is absolutely hilarious as long as it's not happening to you?
What’s a uniquely European problem?
You can have $2,000,000, but your worst enemy gets $10,000,000. Would you accept it? Why or why not?
What do you proudly do "wrong?"
What’s a story you’ve always wanted to share here but no one ever asked the right question?
What drama is currently going down in the world of your hobby that the rest of us probably haven't heard about?
What's a genuinely terrifying horror movie that doesn't rely on cheap jump scares?
What makes absolutely 0% sense to you?
What’s the human equivalent of “Koalas can’t recognize eucalyptus leaves unless they’re on the tree”?
Cruise Ship workers of reddit, what was the biggest “oh shit” moment on the boat, that luckily, passengers didn’t find out about at all?
What is the dumbest thing you’ve ever done for absolutely no reason?
What's the most laughable concept you've ever seen in porn?
What's the creepiest Ask Reddit thread you have come across?
What sounds impressive, but really isn't?
What do you SWEAR you saw, but don't have any proof of?
Robin Williams Megathread.
[Serious] Men of Reddit who have been raped by women, what happened, did you tell anyone, and did they take you seriously?
What's the best response to "why are you so quiet'?
What photograph isn't really that spectacular, but with the backstory/context it says a whole lot more?
What are your computer tips and tricks that not everybody might know about?
What would you do if Barack Obama knocked on your door with a suitcase and said he was going to stay with you for a few weeks?
What are your predictions for the year 2019?
[Serious] Depressed people of Reddit - how are you doing today?
If you woke up to find you were still 14 years old, and you had just been dreaming of what adult life might be like, how would you react?
You can become $100,000 richer, catch is you get this money by taking $100 from 1,000 charities. No one would ever know, would you do it, why or why not?
Do you ever just sit in your car outside your place without the radio on or anything, just not wanting to go inside yet? If so, why and what are you thinking about?
You're given immortality but as a cost you are sent back 3000 years - would you accept and what would you do?
Hey Reddit. What's the best "bored-at-work" browser game?
Hi Reddit, what some good passive aggressive Christmas gift ideas for family members you're not all that fond of?
People who've dated a psycho: what incident made you aware that you were dating a psycho?
[Serious] What is the most disrespectful thing a guest ever did in your home?
What is the most First World problem you've had or have seen someone have?
What’s something that’s really useful on the internet that most people don’t know about?
What’s one thing you’re deeply proud of — but would never put on your résumé?
What's something you happily do that others would think is the grossest thing ever?
[Serious] What is the best unexplained mystery?
What is your favorite euphemism for masturbation?
What does 1 HP of damage in real life?
What is your favorite app?
What just kinda disappeared without people noticing?
What is nobody ever prepared for?
What made you change the way you make an omelette?
Deaf people of Reddit, If you were born deaf and have never heard the English language, is your inner monologue in sign language? If not, what is it?
Travelers of Reddit, what place DID live up to the hype?
What’s something you’re worried people will notice about your physical appearance that they actually hardly notice at all?
What was one of the most mysterious post found on Reddit?
What is a highly underrated advantage of living alone?
If you could quit your job and pursue your hobby full-time with financial security, what hobby would you pursue?
What quote made you think a different way?
Redditors who have served in submarines, what is something not many people know about being inside one?
How are you really?
[Serious] Sex therapists of Reddit, what do you wish more people knew? What are some of the more common (or obscure) things people have come to you with?
Drug dealers of Reddit, what is the strangest thing you have been offered in compensation for drugs?
You are on a first date. You can choose one person alive that comes up to you and fist bumps then walks away like it's normal. Who do you choose and does it help your chances of getting lucky?
If you died right now, what's something on your phone that people will judge you for?
Children in multi-sibling households, what lessons did you learn that the only child might never get?
[Serious] People who check University Applications. What do students tend to ignore/put in, that would otherwise increase their chances of acceptance?
Non-British people of Reddit, what about Britain baffles you?
What small thing should be illegal because it pisses you off on a daily basis?
Spouses and partners of Reddit, what red flags are you glad you ignored?
[Serious] Dentists of reddit, what's the biggest mistake or misunderstanding people make when it comes to dental hygiene?
What is something only assholes buy?
Redditors who have been on a reality tv show such as Hardcore Pawn or Pimp my ride or Pawn stars how FAKE was it?
Men of Reddit, what do you put in that tiny pocket in the right side front pocket of your jeans?
Women & Men of Reddit who were proposed to in public and said "No", why?
What's a joke so stupid that's it's funny?
Medical professionals of Reddit, what is the craziest DIY treatment you've seen a patient attempt?
What was a meal you loved as a kid but now that you’re an adult you realize your parents only made because you were poor?
What is the trashiest thing somebody has done at your family Thanksgiving?
[NSFW] What's the worst thing you have witnessed on a bachelor/bachelorette party?
What are some of your absolute favourite sounds?
What is your "we will never speak of this again" moment?
What is socially accepted when you are beautiful but not accepted when you are ugly?
[Serious] What are some of the creepiest declassified documents made available to the public?
People of reddit who work the day shift at non-haunted businesses and don't spend all your time in the woods, what's the creepiest thing you've experienced?
Bisexuals of Reddit, what is something that is a turn on from one sex but a turn off from the other?
Reddit, what are the most useful askreddit posts?
A genie offers you infinite wishes instead of just 3. What is your first wish?
[Serious] What can the Average Joe do to save Net Neutrality?
On January 1 2019, all works published in 1923 enter the public domain. This is the first public domain entrance of copyrighted material in 20 years. What are you excited to be recreated?
What is the craziest thing your hornyness made you do?
[SERIOUS] Doctors of Reddit, what was the worst reaction, happy (in a psycopathic way) or sad, that you have ever gotten from telling someone their "loved one" has/will die?
What's the thing that always happens in the movies that NEVER happens in real life?
Those who have been caught masturbating or having sex how did you handle that? What happened?
What is it that you hate the most about the city or town that you live in?
Fast Food workers, what's an item people should absolutely stop ordering from your restaurant?
What is something that MOST adults can do, but you, for whatever reason, cannot pull off?
What do you miss about the early Internet?
who’s that person that you wonder if they still think about you? what’s your story with them?
What’s an unspoken rule that is universally accepted?
What was the cringiest thing you did in your first relationship?
[Serious] People of Reddit that honestly believe they have been abducted by aliens, what was your experience like?
[Serious] People who have accidentally caused the death of another person, what happened?
Cops and other law enforcement people of Reddit, what were some cases you worked on that made you think (even if for a moment) that something supernatural/paranormal was going on?
What's your greatest accomplishment that you can't bring up in normal conversation?
At what point does a house become a mansion?
What's a weird childhood ritual you still do today?
Minimum wage workers, what is something that is against the rules for customers to do but you aren't paid enough to actually care?
What's your "I met a celebrity but didn't let on that I knew who they were" story?
Reddit, what's your top "Holy shit, that worked?" moment?
What are some good make out moves?
What did the most drunk person say or do last night at your party?
What was your school's 'incident'?
Gym goers of Reddit, what is something (protocol, etiquette, tips, etc.) that new year resolution-ers should know about the gym?
Prison guards of reddit what it the most extreme thing you ever saw happen in your prison?
What is the biggest "this relationship won't last" red flag you've ever seen at a wedding?
The U.N. estimates that there are currently 7.7 billion people alive on Earth. What is something not even ONE of them is doing right now?
Mechanics of Reddit, what are the biggest signs a shop is a bad choice, such as being scammed or hustled into fixing things that don't really need fixed or bad mechanics?
Hey Reddit, what products are identical to a brand name, just with a different label?
People who are Google Search geniuses, what is your pro tip for finding stuff that no one else seems to find?
What is the scariest encounter with another human you have ever experienced?
What is one rule that was implemented at your school or work that backfired horribly?
Reddit, what’s something that stuck with you that the person who said it probably never realized would have an impact?
What would the person who named Walkie Talkies have named other items?
We've heard all about red flags but, reddit, what are some green flags on a first date?
What was that incident during Thanksgiving?
Teachers of Reddit, whats the difference between 1997, 2007, and 2017 students?
What’s the most insane story in the Bible that most people forget about?
In a lot of jobs, a 99% success rate is considered excellent. What employer would consider a 99% success rate to be a poor performance?
Police Officers: What's the dumbest thing you've ever seen a criminal do or say?
What is your "accidently caught your spouse" cheating horror story?
What products prey on stupid people?
What are some company secrets you can now reveal since you don’t work for the company anymore?
Women who have given birth, what's something no one told you about it and wish you had known?
When space travel becomes a normal daily thing, what do you think will be the annoying stuff that will happen at spaceports or on the spaceflight?
What’s your favourite video on the internet?
Reddit, Can we have a reddit job fair?
Couples of reddit, what sex toy/equipment drastically improved your sex life and was worth the buy?
What are some examples of “Movie Logic” that don’t work in real life?
What’s something you’ve done that deserved credit but no one gave it to you?
What’s a very common thing that you just cannot relate to?
How do you picture a year in your mind?
Mexicans of Reddit, what is the current feeling and mood in Mexico after beating Germany for the first time since 1985?
The Make-A-Curse Foundation grants evil services short of murder for terminally ill adults. What last act of revenge would you request for your enemy?
[Serious] You're given the opportunity to perform any experiment, regardless of ethical, legal, or financial barriers. Which experiment do you choose, and what do you think you'd find out?
[Breaking News]Military Coup in Turkey
Bartenders of reddit : what are the stereotypes that come with specific drinks people order ?
(NSFW) What have you found out about someone that you would never tell them you know?
What are some movies that are way better than they had any right to be?
People who’ve been blocked on Twitter by a famous person, what got you blocked ?
Reddit, what is something that you can't believe is actually a REAL thing?
If reddit was going to war, what would each subreddit contribute to help reddit win?
What was the stupidest thing someone has asked you 100% seriously?
What was your “Ohh, so that’s what it was for” moment that took you too long to find out?
People revving your engines at 8am on a Saturday...whatcha doin'?
People who received no or terrible sex education: what was the most wildly inaccurate thing you were taught or told about sex and sexual health?
Tell us about your crush. Why do you like them?
Police officers of Reddit: What absurd situation have you just happened upon and realized NO ONE called the cops?
What NSFW fact did you learn at an embarrassingly late age?
Reddit, what does everyone need to calm the f*ck down about?
What is a subject that you have extensive knowledge on but never get to talk about?
Men of Reddit, what creepy things have women done to you?
What’s a sign to you that someone was “raised right”?
What company policy at your job might actually be illegal?
In honor of the Ides of March, what was a time you were stabbed in the back by your closest friends?
What's an item everyone should have?
If humans suddenly didn't ever have to sleep any more, and you now have an extra 8 hours everyday, what would you do with that time?
Has anyone ever honoured one of those “if we’re still single at 40 let’s get married” commitments? How did it go?
People who preface questions here with “people of Reddit” or something similar: who else do you think is reading this?
What's the most ridiculous rule in your place of work?
What is the biggest "I shouldn't have said that" moment you've ever had RIGHT AFTER you said it?
What's the biggest fuck up you ever made that was fixed before anyone knew about it?
What's the funniest way to answer a wrong number call?
Waiters of reddit, what fucked up shit have you overheard while waiting tables?
What is the most interesting thing you've found in the JFK files? [Serious]
What’s the scariest story you know that is 100% true?
What do you think that popular culture will romanticize about the 2010s?
If you could remake any film using only muppets, which film would you remake?
A “Retail Purge” will be carried out from 9:00am to 9:00pm. For one day, employees will be able to do and say anything they want to customers or management without consequences as long as they’re on company grounds. Customers, do you dare to shop? Retail workers, what do you decide to do that day?
Which is that one thing you still regret doing it??
You are legally allowed to acquire, free of charge, 1 square metre of land anywhere in the world and do whatever you wish with it. Where do you choose?
Chefs of reddit, what's your number one useful cooking tip?
What's an actual, scientifically valid way an apocalypse could happen?
What's the most illegal thing you could do with $1USD?
What high level job do you think you could lie your way into with no experience and no one would notice?
Men, what is something women have seen in rom coms that you wish they would stop expecting you to do in real life?
What small habit, if done everyday over the course of a year, can lead to the biggest personal improvement/ gain?
Reddit at what moment in your life did you stop, chuckle, and think to yourself ‘I’m in danger’?
People who have been shot, what are some things that movies don't portray correctly?
What is the worst advice you've ever received in your life?
Parents of reddit, what is the most absurd thing you have found on your kids social media?
Have you ever watched a commercial so obnoxious that it made you NOT want to buy the product? What was it for?
What's your best non-swearing insult?
Reddit, what is a really inappropriate question you’ve always wanted to ask?
Married folk, what's the most underrated part of marriage?
What X-Rated history facts don't they teach you in school?
What is the most terrifying wikipedia page to read?
What would a videogame designed 100% based on public user polls be like?
Scum of reddit, what small thing do you do to make society that little bit worse?
What's a joke that's so stupid it's funny?
How do you feel about Ted Cruz's proposed constitutional amendment S.J.Res.1 limiting the number of terms that a Member of Congress may serve?
What myth did a company invent to sell their products?
How will you react if Robert Mueller is fired?
Plumbers, delivery guys, doctors, or people in any other line of work usually portayed in porn, what is the closest situation you have ever been to which could lead as an opening to a porn plot?
Christians of Reddit, where do you draw a line when it comes to stories from the Bible? Do you believe that Earth is 6000 years old? How do you decide which events from the Bible took place and which ones were made up?
Only children of reddit, what is something that people with siblings don't understand?
Barbers/Hairdressers of Reddit: how exactly do you want customers to communicate what they want to you? What do they say/do that is unhelpful?
When an employer asks 'What is your biggest weakness', what are some good responses?
What should you know before getting married?
Girls, what something men see done in porn that you wish they would stop trying to do in real life?
What are you addicted to?
What is the Cutest Thing your SO Did for You?
Single men of Reddit, what made you definitely NOT want a second date with a woman you went out with?
What was hugely hyped up but flopped?
What is something that people think is illegal, but actually isn't?
Children of Anti-Vaxxers who grew up and got yourselves vaccinated, what’s your story? How did your parents take it? [Serious]
What is the best money you ever spent under $20?
What’s the dumbest shit someone ever said?
What's the most creepily intelligent thing your pet has ever done?
What was your most 'can't-put-down' book that you've ever read?
What is one thing you had never noticed before it was pointed out to you, but now you notice it all the time?
Schizophrenics of Reddit; What is the scariest hallucination (visually or audibly) that you have ever experienced?
Redditors who have had major health issues - what small symptom should you have looked into earlier?
What are subtle red flags at a job interview that say, "Working here would suck"?
What is the best thing to say to someone to subtly fuck with their head?
What screams "I'm educated, but not very smart?"
D&D players of Reddit, what is the most creative character you've seen someone play as?
What's a fucked up movie everybody should watch?
Girls of reddit who have rejected people, what’s the worst way someone has taken it?
What small change would completely change a sport?
What is the greatest upset in sports history?
What is the most ridiculous thing you have seen at a party?
What’s the worse thing you’ve come home to?
Reddit, what's your family's dark secret? [NSFW]
Straight guys of Reddit, what's the most intimate moment you had with another guy?
What Pavlovian response have you developed?
What's the biggest red flag you overlooked because your SO was so hot?
What sub reddits have the best "top of all time" to binge?
What human achievement do you want to see during your lifetime?
What is probably your most elitist viewpoint?
Reddit, what is the worst secret your SO is keeping from you, but that you actually know?
What is a cheap hobby to pick up in college?
With over 7 billion people on the planet, what do you think is one of the few things NOBODY in the world is doing right now?
People who have been online since the 90's, what mysteries from the early days of the internet are still unsolved?
People who live where the air hurts their faces, why do you live where the air hurts your face?
What is the worst casting decision in the history of film or tv?
What is a small inconvenience that happens daily in your life, that annoys you to no end, but there is nothing you can do about it?
What's the worst thing Neil Armstrong could have said while stepping on the Moon for the first time?
Therapists of Reddit, what made you realize you were treating a sociopath?
What little thing would you make illegal just because it pisses you off?
What are some uncharacteristically dark episodes of generally light hearted shows?
People who decided to stop using straws, what was the final straw?
Redditors who left companies that non-stop talk about their amazing "culture", what was the cringe moment that made you realize you had to get out?
What is the dumbest question someone legitimately asked you?
[Breaking News] Holy Cow! The Chicago Cubs just won the World series! ⚾
What are some of the worst examples of the “We’ve always done it that way” mindset?
What is something your parents said to you that may have not been a big deal, but they will never know how much it affected you?
What goes from great to awful if you add "almost" in front of it?
What is the nicest thing a stranger has done for you?
You awaken, clothes smoking, in a ruined bunker in 1945 with a box containing a 2015-era laptop with Photoshop and Premiere Pro installed, a scanner, photo printer, analog-to-USB input converter and more than enough printer ink and card photo stock. How do you best start screwing with history?
People who speak more than 1 language, what are some struggles people don’t know about?
What is the dumbest solution to a problem that actually worked?
What is something you would do if society didn’t find it “cringey”?
What's your biggest "This isn't what it looks like" moment?
What's the most intelligent thing you've witnessed an animal do?
What moment in video games made you go "fuck this"?
Waiters and waitresses of restaurants that offer crayons to children, what’s the weirdest thing you’ve seen a child draw?
What was your "I cant believe this is happening right now" moment of your life ?
What were you told to keep secret about a company you worked for, but you don't work there anymore, so fuck those guys?
How would $10,000 affect your life right now?
Doctors/nurses of Reddit; What is the most obvious case of a patient 'faking it' you have ever seen?
What’s something that looked fun, but you realized it was horrible once you tried it?
What's a fucked up movie everybody should watch?
What's the dumbest thing you've ever done solely because you were too awkward to do the normal thing?
People who have time for studying, meeting your friends, sleeping enough, working out, what's your secret? What time-management tips can you give?
What popular life advice do you disagree with?
What is the weirdest status symbol you know of, that only makes sense in a very specific sub-culture?
Redditors who rarely swear, what's a situation that made you swear and how did other people react?
Teachers of Reddit, what is something a student of yours has said that made you think 'wow, there is no hope left for you'?
Gamers of Reddit, what are good videogames to play with your non-gamer girlfriend?
Autistic people of Reddit, what is autism really like?
You get 15 billion dollars but every time you bathe, shower, have sex, masturbate, or do anything naked, an unblockable camera appears and films you doing it on livestream with a notification going out to everyones phone/computer when it happens. Do you take it? Why or why not?
Japanese people of Reddit, what are things you don't get about western people?
How would the world be different if a vagina whistled like a teapot when aroused?
Employees of IKEA, what are some of the worst family meltdowns you have seen?
Talented people with rare skills, experts etc - what's something you're really good at that you'd like to answer questions about, help people out with, or just want to show off?
You're at a party and find yourself stuck in a conversation with someone you don't especially want to talk to about something you'd really rather not be talking about. What's your best quick escape line or move?
What is an interesting historical fact that barely anyone knows?
What is something that your generation did that no younger generation will ever get to experience?
What brands are considered top of the line but aren't? What are the actual top of the line brands?
What is just a placebo effect but most people don't realize?
Redditors who pay for porn, what are the rest of us missing out on?
What's a dark piece of Reddit history that we like to forget that it ever happened?
Cops of reddit, what has so far been the creepiest call you've ever had to respond to and what happened?
What are signs that someone is secretly unhappy?
What is something most people don't know about the Bible?
Women of Reddit, what’s the most “crazy girlfriend” thing you’ve ever done?
[serious] Is it okay to push your mom out of your life if it’s to protect your mental health and overall wellbeing? Why or why not?
Teachers with 20+ experience, what's the difference between the kids then vs the kids now?
If you could do college over, what would you do different?
What is the creepiest post on reddit?
What's the fastest way you've seen someone fuck up their life?
What are some creepy verified pieces of found footage?
What's something that seems worth buying, but really isn't?
What's the most important question to ask someone when you want to get to know them better?
People who've operated the network cameras at major sporting events, what's the wildest thing you've captured that the network wouldn't air?
What is the most NSFW thing you have witnessed at a party?
Men of reddit, what are the struggles of dating a very rich girl?
Teachers of Reddit, whats your most NSFW story from your work place?
What "common knowledge" is simply not true?
As an adult who wants to go out but doesn’t want to stay up too late, what would you think of a club where everything happens 4 hours earlier than most clubs?
What’s your “thank god that’s over with and I never have to do it again” thing in your life?
What's something embarrassing you're willing to admit?
What's your "it's expensive but it's worth it" product?
Following the logic of Peter Parker getting bitten by a radioactive spider and becoming Spiderman, what's the best radioactive animal to get bitten by?
What's your favorite piece of useless trivia?
Moms of reddit, what’s something you know about your kid(s) that they don’t think you know about them?
What is something nice/thoughtful you can do or get for your significant other for under $100?
People who had someone condescendingly explain something that they didn't know you're an expert on, what happened?
What is 99HP of damage in real life?
Your life resets to 1990 and you have all of your current knowledge? How do you take control of the world?
What sucks about being a dude?
What is the most undeserved post to ever make the front page?
What should someone know before buying their first house?
What's something you didn't realize how bad it was until it finally happened to you?
Sign language users of reddit, what kinds of wordplay jokes exist in sign language, and what are your favourites?
Gamers of reddit, what is your personal favorite soundtrack?
Ladies of reddit, how did a guy ruin their chances with you?
What is the worst state in the United States and why?
People who have had their blizzard spill when the DQ worker turns it upside down, how do you feel about it?
To all the redditors that post screen caps of their Facebook friends' posts to things like r/ihavesex or r/crazypeopleonfacebook, have you ever been caught by these people, and if so what happened?
People who work in high class restaurants and hotels, what is the most ridiculous, stereotypical "rich person" thing you've ever experienced someone has done?
What's your Home Owners Association horror story?
Humans have only explored 20 percent of the ocean, what do you think lurks in the other 80 percent ?
(NSFW) Redditors who lived in secluded towns, what's the darkest thing that has ever happened in your town that everyone knew about but never talked about?
How do you deal with a person who is full of confidence but knows nothing (basically a stupid person)?
[Serious] Cancer survivors of Reddit, when did you first notice something was wrong?
People of Reddit who speak a language they don’t look like they would speak, have you ever had someone talk bad about you in your second language? What happened after?
Similar to 'resting your eyes' after shutting off your alarm, what are some of life's most dangerous mini-games?
What is a free pc game that everyone should get?
Americans what do you think of the way Britain is treating Trump?
Your most recent text is now your 2020 presidential campaign slogan. What’s your slogan?
Veterinarians of Reddit, what common mistakes are we making with our pets?
Deaf people of Reddit, when did you find out that farts made a noise?
What is something that has been eating you up inside and you just need to get off your chest anonymously?
What is something you enjoyed, after previously believing you wouldn't like it?
Those of you who work as language translators/interpreters (or have in the past), what is the most awkward/uncomfortable conversation that you have had to convey?
What is that one simple change in your life that gave incredibly great results?
What real life purchases feel like micro-transactions?
Non-Americans of Reddit, what is one thing you wish Americans knew before visiting your country?
What are the 7 wonders of reddit?
What main character didn't deserve a happy ending?
What screams "I make terrible financial decisions!"?
What did another person do that accidentally turned you on?
What’s the most wholesome conspiracy theory?
What is the quickest way you've seen someone fuck their life up?
What is the biggest unresolved scandal the world collectively forgot about?
What image or scene from a children's movie/show did you find disturbing?
What is something you catch yourself accidentally doing that is generally annoying to other people?
Teachers who regularly get invited to high school reunions, what are the most amazing transformations, common patterns, epic stories, saddest declines etc. you've seen through the years?
What made you break up with the person you thought you’d marry?
What are the "Beats headphones" of your hobby? What makes you cringe to see others flexing?
What is a childish thing you still do while being an adult?
What can a 14 year old boy do to make the world a slightly better place?
What are some common signs that a person is toxic?
Who's the biggest loser your son/daughter has dated?
Lawyers of Reddit, what's the stupidest case you've been asked to take on (and did you)?
What’s the weirdest/scariest thing you’ve ever seen when at somebody else’s house?
What is the scariest/creepiest thing that has happened to you when you were home alone?
What is your, "I know it sounds weird, but just try it" thing?
Sex workers of reddit: What is the saddest experience (client wise) you've had while on the job?
What event happened in your life which caused some character development for you?
If people were killed by things they dont believe in, what would be the most interesting way to die?
How do you feel in your 40s, 50s and older after you and your spouse decided to not have kids?
What movie would be totally NSFW if you remove just 1 letter from the title?
What is one piece of advice you wish you had when you were younger?
Those who have adopted older children, what's the intial first few days, months, or years like?
What's the nicest thing someone has ever done for you?
(Serious) What secret could ruin your life?
Metalheads of Reddit, what song would you show someone to prove that not all metal is insane noise and screaming?
Men of Reddit, what is the nicest compliment you've ever received from a girl?
What films that appear really innocent on the surface are actually fucked up?
Waiters and waitresses, what are some signs you’re serving a first date?
What was your worst consensual sexual experience?
What is an easy way to fuck up a simple meal?
What was the worst physical pain you've ever felt in your life?
Admissions officers/essay coaches of Reddit: what was the most pretentious application you've ever seen?
What is an interesting website that nobody knows about?
What's the worst form of torture to have ever existed?
What are some non-obvious, early signs that a relationship is coming to an end?
Historians of Reddit, what misconception about history drives you nuts?
What social custom needs to be retired?
What's the one thing you regret doing for your wedding day?
What is the best cleaning tip you've ever received?
What are some awful things from the 70s, 80s, and 90s everyone seems to not talk about?
All of the cereal box characters (Tucan Sam, Tony the Tiger, Lucky, etc.) enter into a colluseum. Only one exits alive. Reddit, who is the ultimate Cereal Killer?
Japanese people of reddit, how is WW2 Japan perceived by modern Japan?
Whats the weirdest subreddit on the site?
What’s something people do that make you internally scream “no one cares”?
What video game sound effect can you still hear in your head?
People who rarely cry, which movie cut some onions for you?
[Serious]Redditors who are now married because you didn't know how to break up with your SO, how is that going for you?
What happens regularly that would horrify a person from 100 years ago?
People who have been santa at the mall, whats the creepiest thing a kid has asked for Christmas?
What would you say is the biggest problems facing the 0-8 year old generation today?
What lie were you led to believe until growing up?
People who pay for porn, what is everyone else missing out on?
What’s a red flag that you ignored in a significant other, only to realize it was a bigger deal later?
What is some real shit that we all need to be aware of right now, but no one is talking about?
Germans of Reddit, what is the family environment like when a grandpa or other close relative used to be in the Nazi regime? Is it just ignored?
What's an organization that everyone thinks is respectful, but is really just scamming or spreading propaganda?
What’s the biggest culture shock you ever experienced?
What is the most evil company and why?
People who fall asleep within 5 minutes of lying down, how?
Einstein said “If you can't explain it to a six year old, you don't understand it yourself.” How would you explain your job?
What can A person learn/know right now in 10 minutes that will be useful for the rest of their life?
What's a fact that sounds fake but is actually legit?
Anyone who worked for Toys R Us, store or corporate, what did the last months of work consist of?
What is the worst movie you've ever seen?
What is 100% luck but people act like it's an accomplishment?
Doctors of Reddit, what was your dumbest r/Iamverysmart patient experience?
What’s the most obviously fake fact someone has told you with complete conviction?
Amish people of reddit: what are you doing here?
Professional house cleaners of reddit, what do most people need to clean in their home, but don't?
What's the most unfair thing you've ever seen?
Besides /r/askreddit, what are some really good Text Based subreddits that one could spend a lot of time on?
Without using the words "baby", "don't", "hurt" and "me", what is love?
Teachers of Reddit: They say there are no stupid questions, but what's the most stupid question a student has ever asked you?
What’s the stupidest thing someone has argued with you about?
What is the worst thing you've ever seen happen at a wedding?
What generally well liked celebrity or athlete has/had a dark past that many of us may not know about?
If you were a dictator what is the pettiest thing that would be punishable by death?
What’s the biggest double life you’ve ever personally seen revealed?
What is something that was once considered to be a "legend" or "myth" that eventually turned out to be true?
What's the most fucked up thing you've ever walked in on?
You are sent back to the year 10,000BC, and are completely immortal and unable to age until you reach the present day....what do you do in the meantime?
What is something you've never done, that most people probably have?
What are some must have gadgets for less than $50?
What company's motto would do terribly for another company?
LADIES: What insecurities do you often see in men that woman couldn’t care less about?
What's your "picture you can't see without laughing"?
What are some deeply unsettling facts?
People who have managed to become disciplined after having been procrastinators and indisciplined for a large part of their lives, how did you manage to do so? Can you walk us through the incremental steps you took to become better?
Parents of Reddit, what is the most expensive thing your child has accidentally ruined?
What's the most embarrassing thing you saw someone doing because they thought nobody was watching?
What are your best ways to shut down a conversation?
which Sci-Fi movie gets your 10/10 rating?
How far did you take an imaginary argument whilst showering?
What made you realise there was something off about your friend's SO?
What's a "fact" you thought was true for years but later found out was false?
What are redeeming qualities of humanity that nobody mentions?
Amish of Reddit, how does not using technology affect your lives?
What is something nice going on in your life right now?
NSFW, Gone Wild posters who show their face, what do you do for a living? Has it ever been a problem at work?
What's your #1 obscure animal fact?
The last thing you purchased on online you now have 20,000 of. How awesome did your life just become?
What fact about the opposite sex did you learn embarrassingly late in life?
[NSFW] People who got their nudes leaked, how did it affect your life?
You either die a hero, or live long enough to see yourself become the villain, What's the best real-life example of this?
What good idea doesn't work because people are shitty?
Reddit, what is a good movie for when you need to escape from reality and maybe cry a little?
What movie changes the plot if you add a random 'R' somewhere in the title?
What's the most useless piece of information that you know off the top of your head?
Multilinguals of Reddit, what is your "they didn't know I could understand their language" story?
What is the most "r/iam14andthisisdeep" thing that you have done?
If Trump was obsessed with Reddit instead of Twitter, which subreddits would he be subscribed to?
Men who have been proposed to by their girlfriends, how did you feel about it?
What mobile game is actually good?
Police officers of reddit, what was your "oh shit" moment?
Excluding my mom, what's the worst sex you've ever had?
What is easy to get into but hard to get out of?
What are the best 'mind fuck' films to watch?
What is it that we are living in the “golden age” of?
What's the worst case of design over function that you've ever seen?
People who got sentenced to jail in the 90’s or 2000’s and got released this year what does it feel like being in todays 2018? What shocked you the most?
