I cheated and I feel like crap. Not sure how to tell my girlfriend.
 
I went to hug a girl and she grabbed my hand and shook it, what are the most isolated places on earth known to man?
 
Wanna play the, "how filthy can we make this thread" game?
 
MOD POST: WE DON'T CARE WHO YOU VOTED FOR, NO ELECTION BULLSHIT IN ASKMEN
 
What would your dating life be like if you could see in four dimensions?
 
What was the idiotic game you and your stupid friends played growing up?
 
Fellas, my girlfriend doesn’t believe me. How many of you put your hand on your junk when you’re just sitting around.
 
In a lot of the "creepy girl" stories here the girl is commonly unattractive to begin with. Have you ever been creeped out by a girl that you initially found physically attractive? What happened?
 
What's the weirdest social interaction you've ever been part of?
 
Now that I am older, I realized that kids parties were never about the kids, but an excuse for parents to socialize while keeping the kids occupied. What did you realize as you grew older?
 
What's one high paying job which you can get without having a decades of experience?
 
I'm bored of all the women and relationship related posts here, so what are your favorite metal bands?
 
What is the right moment to tell your date/fling that you have a micropenis? And how do you go about it?
 
What's the best way you got back a roommate for having loud sex?
 
What is something you found out you do “wrong” once you got married?
 
Hey guys, What do you enjoy that supposedly is for women?
 
How has a woman broken your brain with her appearance?
 
How many times have you been turned off by a woman's body once you've seen them naked?
 
So other than my mom, which celebrity basically confirmed to you that you'd had entered puberty?
 
How would your 12 year old self react if they saw you now?
 
What's that 'thing' that hurts but you constantly lie to yourself that it's fine?
 
What’s one non-sexual act your SO does to make you feel immensely loved?
 
What is the porn video you always come back to?
 
My husband pees while sitting down- how common is that?
 
What's your favourite dinosaur?
 
Guys, i had to throw out my designated spiderbro who would keep my room free of mosquitoes. What's your friendship break-up story?
 
How many days do most men wear the same boxers?
 
What is your pre-first date ritual?
 
What are some "guy secrets" girls don't know about?
 
Men: How do you NOT glance at a woman’s chest when she’s wearing a revealing shirt?
 
Have you ever had a dream which makes you sad after you wake up?
 
What was a "total freshman move" you made when you began college?
 
Married Men of Reddit - What one thing could your wife do that would instantly make you happier in your marriage?
 
Guys, what’s the #1 thing that makes you happy that you’re male?
 
When was a time where you thought “the worse they can say is no”, and you were COMPLETELY WRONG?
 
Apart from sex stuff (though valid), what is one thing your partner's introduced you to that you can no longer live without?
 
Guys with ultra-competent and highly capable partners: What's the one, single area where they're completely useless?
 
Female here. Men of Reddit, when you see someone attractive in a social setting (bar, club, etc.) and are considering approaching, how do you assess the situation before actually going for it? What makes you abort mission?
 
What's your "I'll only make this when no other humans are watching" dinner?
 
I love my wife to death, but I realize today that I do take her for granted. What are small things I can start doing to make her feel lucky again without going overboard?
 
What's the weirdest sex dream you ever had?
 
Guys with over a decade of marriage, what's your "Yep, she's STILL the one" moment?
 
What's the strangest/most interesting thing you've stuck your dick into?
 
What's your most embarrassing "guy moment?"
 
What's the worst example "I know mens anatomy" you've seen?
 
Men, how often do you open up to your other male friends about things that bother you?
 
Do you care about net neutrality? Why or why not?
 
Single father of Reddit. What are some hardships you have to endure that people don't seem to understand?
 
Guys who settled for a woman they're not actually in love with, what's your story?
 
What's the longest you've waited for your wife/gf outside of a store?
 
How would you tell your best friends that you don’t want to come over because their kids are horrible monsters?
 
What did your girlfriend/wife/SO get angry at you about today?
 
What are some non toxic outlets for anger?
 
It’s often said that when men wear a wedding ring they get more attention from women. Do you think they are actually flirting or perhaps they now consider you “safe” and can be friendly/friends without worrying about being hit on themselves?
 
When looking at used cars, what are some red flags indicating you shouldn't buy the car.
 
What is something unique an ex-girlfriend/boyfriend did that you really miss?
 
Girlfriend bought me "ginseng and cracked pepper" shower gel. Why is that even a thing? Is she trying to season me?
 
How do you stop swimming trunks basically enunciating the shape of your dick and balls when coming out of the pool.
 
How do I get over the fact that I will die one day?
 
What is the strangest sleep habit of a girl you've hooked up with?
 
Men who’ve broken things off with a great girl in order to play the field, how’d it go?
 
Men, why is it so hard to find the right wallet?
 
Wealthy men of Reddit, what about being rich did you not expect?
 
Men of Reddit, what did you get your mom for Mother's Day yesterday?
 
What are your dating tips for 2019?
 
What are some common, unique frustrations you (and men of your race) deal with when dating women outside your race?
 
Men who have prostituted themselves to women or other men, what's your story?
 
What are some relatively unknown grooming/hygiene techniques for men?
 
What can you add to your house makes it more comfortable and cozy?
 
Men of reddit, how often do you miss being in a relationship?
 
Men of reddit who proposed and SO said no, what happened after and why did they say no?
 
How do you stay hard when using condoms?
 
So how awesome do you guys think it is that every time a thread starts to get interesting on this sub it gets locked?
 
Singles of AskMen, besides a friendly handshake or family hug, what the most physical contact you've had this year?
 
My wife whores herself out for lunch meat. What is the least significant thing your SO has ever traded sex for?
 
What age did you start becoming sexually aware?
 
Men of reddit, what makes you feel unappreciated?
 
From a women's point of view my boyfriend makes me feel safe and secure in many ways but i want to know what do your girlfriend's do or have done to make you feel safe?
 
I just had my first serious break-up, what happens to my hoodies?
 
What did someone on a date do that made you think "I didn't think someone like this could even exist outside of movies"?
 
Men with kids, how do you find the time to have sex with your partner if your kids never leave you alone?!
 
For those of you who sleep naked every night, what are the main reasons you do it? How old are you now and how old were you when you started sleeping naked?
 
Askmen, how do you enforce the patriarchy?
 
Why do we nod at eachother when making eye contact with random dudes?
 
My cat keeps ripping the lid off his automatic feeder. How have your loved ones betrayed you lately?
 
What romantic gesture did you feel bad rejecting?
 
Men with 6 pack abs: how hard did you have to work for it?
 
Guys who own a Bowflex, how effectively does it dry clothes?
 
People in charge of hiring people, what differences have you noticed in the way men and women apply for a job?
 
Were you surprised at how much a broken heart actually hurt?
 
How long would you wait for a date to show up ?
 
When did you realize you were dating someone who was considered unattractive by others?
 
I’m really tired of being told I’m ‘bottling things up’ or trying to be ‘tough’ when I’m not - is it uncommon to gain nothing by speaking about things?
 
What change did you make this year that's had the biggest positive impact on your life?
 
Who gave you the best blowjob(s) of your life, and what was the secret of their technique?
 
Straight men of Reddit, why do we never compliment each other?
 
Question for you guys, do yalls talk about how sex is with your wife/GF with your male friends? I dont like the idea of my husband's friends knowing how I am in bed.
 
Who is/was the “big man on campus” at your school?Where is he now?
 
Has a girl ever reacted poorly to you rejecting her? If so, what happened?
 
What do you think when you see a woman’s nipples through her shirt
 
How do you deal with your girlfriend hating your best mate and constantly insulting him?
 
Men, let's boost our egos! What do you love about yourself?
 
Men of reddit how do you keep conversations fresh with girlfriend?
 
You ever pooped so hard it gave you a boner?
 
My dad passed away suddenly 6 months ago. Today WhatsApp kicked him out of the family group and I got reminded of his loss in a new way. How has technology kicked you in the nuts unexpectedly ?
 
Men who met the love of your life young (let's say early 20s), how did you make your relationship strong, mature and longlasting despite your age?
 
Where the hell are you supposed to look when walking up stairs right behind a woman?
 
How did your worst date go? What was the experience like?
 
What has to happen for you to consider sex with someone to be good/great?
 
How often do you imagine having sex with women you encounter during your day?
 
I found a white hair today and I've never even had a gf, what was the moment you realized you were super behind your peers?
 
My girlfriend brought back "Jack and Jill" from the video store. How can I go about leaving her?
 
Dads of daughters: how has having a daughter impacted you, changed your perspective of the female mind, etc.
 
What’s the worst thing a girl has called your little curly fry?
 
About to become a Father; what advice do you have for me?
 
What was the fastest a woman ever had sex with you after hearing your modified muffler/bassy sound system of your car?
 
MOD POST: NO MORE THINLY VEILED VALIDATION POSTS
 
My favorite hoodie has been destroyed. I am looking to love again and find a hoodie that actually has a large hood, and not something that wraps my head like a condom. Where can I find one?
 
NSFW what advice would you give an inexperienced guy to last longer and perform better in bed?
 
Nice job guys
 
What’s something crazy you constantly do for you SO?
 
Men of Reddit, how do I comfort my father?
 
What do you have too much of?
 
Men who have had the "I have a boyfriend" line pulled on you when you weren't remotely interested in the girl, how'd it go?
 
Guys what am I supposed to do when my mom leaves the checkout line to go grab something and the line starts moving faster than anticipated?
 
What sexual thing is really overrated?
 
Askmen, what’s something that you found attractive during your younger years that became unattractive to you as you got older? (X-post from Askwomen)
 
How do I handle my wife's miscarriage ?
 
Men of reddit, when did the saying “looks can be deceiving” really hit home?
 
What's the best thing about living with a partner or SO?
 
In your experience, how often does the phrase, "not looking for a relationship right now" really mean, "you're not my type?"
 
What makes a woman seem desperate? Emotionally and/or physically
 
What household chore/action got you in trouble with your SO/wife/gf?
 
My wife told me to watch her purse while she took our daughter to the potty. I've been sitting here ten minutes watching, what's it supposed to do?
 
My Depression makes it incredibly hard to show emotion. How can I show my parents how much I appreciate them for sticking with me?
 
my girlfriend of 10 years died today, what are things to help me cope?
 
What makes a girl intimidating?
 
How often are you the little spoon?
 
How do I deal with young female coworker hitting on me at work?
 
How many of you would be content or even happy without ever having to work again?
 
Men with Fitbits (or equivalent), how many steps does beating off give you?
 
What small thing did you do that ended up having a massive effect?
 
My Wife of almost 17 years just passed away suddenly at 36. She was the only woman I've ever loved. I have 3 kids and a Nuclear War with Her Family. What should I do?
 
What is something you do to make yourself happier?
 
To white men dating/married to black women- what is one thing you learned that you didn’t know before?
 
How to avoid being a crepe around women?
 
Men who are actively seeking romantic relationships, what's your strategy, and is it working?
 
Men who did poorly with women until 25 or later, how did you turn your life around?
 
My girlfriend makes hot chocolate with water instead of milk. How do I let her down gently?
 
What is one thing you hate about being a man in today's society?
 
We all know that “life isn’t fair”, but when and how did you actually realize the fact?
 
What did you guys get for you mom for Mother's Day today?
 
Men who have had or are currently dating a SO with mental health issues, how do you support them?
 
What’s small steps can I take to be more masculine?
 
First blowjob ever, best feeling but how do I hold back from cumming??
 
What can I (18M) do to be a good older brother for my 5 year old sister?
 
On a scale of "can't name a single item of clothing you've worn" to "you've worn those blue pants 4 days in a row," how much do you actually notice what your female coworkers wear?
 
How often have you been told to smile, and how did it make you feel?
 
How to adjust to dating an ''influencer''?
 
Bisexual men, what differences have you noticed when dating men and women?
 
What are the pros amd cons of upgrading my finger guns from single to double barrel? And those who have made the switch do you regret it?
 
What is the best sexual advice you've received?
 
What is something every guy needs to hear at some point
 
How do you distinguish genuine love for someone from infatuation?
 
Men who have been left at the altar, what's your story?
 
If I was your daughters boyfriend, what could I do to impress you?
 
Where do you stop shaving down below?
 
How do you know you have a single guy's apartment?
 
Have you walked away from someone you love for your own mental health/insecurities? If so, how did it work out for you?
 
Why don't we talk about mommy issues like we do daddy issues?
 
What’s the longest it has taken you to get over someone?
 
How do I lick dorito dust off my fingers without sexually harassing everyone around me?
 
When/how did you experience your first kink? Do you feel it's rooted in something that happened to you at a formative age?
 
Men, how do I become an interesting person again?
 
Can the mods just fuck off please
 
When your partner says 'I'm going to bed' earlier than usual - what do you think to do?
 
How do I stop/prevent being boring?
 
Ive been seeing this girl for 2 weeks now and I don’t really know her name. How do I casually learn her name at this point?
 
My boyfriend is depressed. What can I do to be there for him and help him?
 
Sometimes I just curl up in my bed and cry, how do you cope with failing?
 
What’s “baby fever” like for men?
 
If you are an asian man, what is/was your dating experience like? Online? Offline? What advice do you have for other asian men? What would you want others to know?
 
Straight men who are questioned to be gay, how does it make you feel?
 
Men in long term relationships, what little things do you miss from your SO from the honey moon phase?
 
I am starting to realise my dad wont live forever, what are good places to go for a farther(53) son(22) trip?
 
Why do we have to work such long hours every week?
 
How often does your SO turn you down for sex?
 
Yesterday I took my mom to eat. And I decided I wanted fries. She took the longest curly fry I've seen in my life off of my plate. How do I get past this betrayal from someone I thought would never hurt me like this?
 
What’s your rock bottom story?
 
My GF got sent a dick pic by a guy who likes her and knows we’re dating, but begged me not to do anything. What are your thoughts?? What would you do?
 
Has your sexuality ever been in question and if so why?
 
[Serious] What are some issues facing boys today that are being ignored by society?
 
How do you walk the fine line between being confident/proactive vs pushy/too forward when approaching women?
 
Sons of single mothers, what was it like growing up.
 
What's a book you read that changed your perspective or bettered you in a way?
 
How do you avoid seeming or feeling like a pedophile when talking to kids in public?
 
How illegal is to meet a girl at a bar, drink a lot with her, take her to your home and while she is unconscious use her phone to like your own photos on Instagram?
 
How is/was dating after college?
 
What was the I shouldn't be friends with this person moment you experienced?
 
What is your opinion on getting handjobs?
 
ANNOUNCEMENT: There will be no more "Women of AskMen" titled posts.
 
How do you live a more interesting life when single/without relying on other people too much?
 
How is my belly button lint the color of my dress shirt and never my undershirt? What kind of sorcery is this?
 
What have been some reasons why you haven’t made a girl that you like (and have been consistently seeing) your girlfriend?
 
Guys who've had Sugar Moms, what was it like?
 
Academically successful men, what were your study techniques?
 
Those of you who have had a midlife crisis and left their wives. How did it work out?
 
What's a nsfw sub that I'll be ashamed to be aroused by?
 
Why don't men bring up and stop body shaming for having a small penises?
 
Men, how can I stop my wife filling every storage pocket in the car with empty wrappers and used tissues?
 
My kid told me he found his mom's vibrator. How do I leverage this information in my favor?
 
My Ex girlfriend once asked me if I would still love and have sex with her if she would be a horse... She was mad for a week or so when I said no after a long discussion. What are your weirdest questions ever asked to you?
 
15/ Poor male/ Keep getting made fun of by rich kids in my classic what do i do
 
Men's Testosterone levels in the US have dropped by 30% since 1987. Why is this not a bigger issue?
 
What do you think AskMen is going to look like in five years when we all turn 18?
 
What are some unexpected expenses for single man that younger guys don't think of?
 
I don't like dabbing, snapchat filters/instagram, or Fortnite. How can I tell if I'm becoming a crotchety old man or if current youth trends actually are stupid?
 
I'm a big fan of boobs. What gif could instantly turn me into an assman?
 
Men who lifted weights to become attractive to women, what differences in interest have you noticed, since you started?
 
What are your interests?
 
How did you become more socially "successful" overtime?
 
Men in good, stable, serious relationships: What were some early “Green Flags?”
 
Guys, at what age did you have your first gf and why?
 
Men, why is there so many dicks drawn all over the place?
 
What's the best "man" advice your dad ever gave you?
 
Men under 40 tend not to go to the doctor unless they have no other choice, and by then often have multiple medical issues that could have been prevented. What changes could your doctor make or what could your doctor do to change this?
 
What’s it like having a finger in the butt while getting head?
 
How important do you think a father figure is?
 
How long do you spend pooping in the bathroom? My boyfriend says 30 min is totally a normal man shit. Is it?!
 
We just hit 600k subs, you shitlords
 
Anyone ever get tired of everything and want to just drive for hours and spend the day somewhere completely random with your phone off?
 
Where do you look to meet someone?
 
At what point did you think to yourself "Alright, I gotta stop acting like a child and be a man now."?
 
Fathers of teenage boys, how similar were you as a teen to how your kid is now?
 
Men, what do women do that creeps you out?
 
How do you prevent yourself from becoming clergy when dating someone you like a lot?
 
My dogs' vet is called Cat; what stupid shit like this makes you laugh.
 
Hi! Remember the girl asking you how to clearly express interest in a guy? That was me, and you would not believe, what happened next.
 
What should you do when most of your friends are going nowhere in life?
 
MOD POST: WE ARE CENSORING ASKMEN
 
Men who have been body shamed, what happened and what did you do?
 
Military/ex-military men, what's the funniest thing a drill sergeant has ever said?
 
Net Neutrality Bullshit and Why It Matters
 
How many of you use or have used sex as a method of human connection when you seemingly can't find connection elsewhere?
 
Does the upvote icon today make you feel strange when you upvote?
 
Men who know how to reinstall Windows, how much pussy do you get?
 
How to deal with dead arm from gf massive head??
 
How's it going /r/askmen?
 
What's the best games to play with a young daughter?
 
I have the opportunity to run a mental health campaign specifically aimed at men at my university. What would you like to see from such a campaign?
 
Men who are now in great shape, what do you wish you knew when you first started?
 
What did your date say that put you off so hard your dick went inside your body?
 
How do I stop eating dog treats?
 
For the first time in over a decade my weight this morning was under 230 pounds, what are you feeling good about today?
 
Men who quit drinking. What did you do with your time to distract you from the boredom?
 
Men who groan and grunt loudly at the urinal, what's your deal?
 
How often do you appreciate not being sick and being able to breathe out of both nostrils?
 
How do you know if you are a bad person?
 
These frozen mozzarella sticks don't have deep fryer instructions, but I'll be damned if I put them in the oven. What temp and time do you recommend?
 
Men of AskMen, what is one small, silly thing that makes your day?
 
Why do the mods put flairs on our posts instead of allowing us to do it ourselves?
 
Men, If a woman was to ask you on a date, how would you prefer she do so?
 
Enough with the doom and gloom. What was your most pleasant surprise?
 
What's your "I'm a grown man and I do what I want" guilty pleasure?
 
Men of Reddit, how have you become more of a curmudgeon in the past five years?
 
My friend got a gf. But she’s changing him. He makes fun of me now because I don’t have a gf and I don’t enjoy his company anymore. what do I do?
 
I may have accidentally sexually harassed a coworker and I need to know how to solve this. We go back to work on Monday.
 
How can I make sure that I always have an extremely low resolution camera available at all times just in case I see a UFO, Bigfoot, Chupacabra, or the like?
 
Men who just straight said to a girl " I like you and I would like to go out with you" what conclusion and what happened afterward?
 
(Serious) Widow here. How do I help my 8 yr old son become a better man?
 
If a woman required you to get tested for any STD before agreeing to sleep with you what would your reaction be?
 
What's the most common mistake people make when choosing their spouse?
 
Men who put the toilet paper under, when did you realise you were mentally challenged?
 
I actually got rejected last night for being too short. What was the most annoying rejection you ever had?
 
I just got 3rd place in company-wide trivia. Men of Reddit, when did you realize that you’ve peaked?
 
Dads of Reddit, I am expecting my son to be born today, what is something you wish you knew before your first child was born?
 
HUMAN MALES OF REDDIT WHAT WAS YOUR MOST EMBARRASSING SYSTEMS MALFUNCTION
 
Men of Reddit, how would you handle a friend that's wayyy too thirsty (desperate for sex) and needs to chill/stop creeping people out?
 
What's the best opera music I can listen to while I'm home in my bathrobe so I can strut around like I'm a villain in a movie?
 
Men born with sight, I'm losing mine at 19, what sex act is worth going out of my way to try before I lose my vision?
 
What are you tired of explaining to women?
 
If you accidentally didn't sleep because you were too caught up playing Stardew Valley, how would you get through a day of work staring at spreadsheets all day?
 
How long does a "rough patch" has to last before you just have to admit that "your life sucks" and it's not just temporary thing?
 
MOD POST: YOU ARE BEING USED...FOR CLICKBAIT
 
My roommate died. How do I cope?
 
Men of reddit, my girlfriend just dumped me - what are things that I should absolutely *not* do in the coming days and weeks?
 
When did you realize you were dating an idiot?
 
How do you find hobbies & things to do in a small podunk town?
 
Men of Reddit, why don't you want to go apple picking with us?!
 
Men who at some point felt that they were terribly failing in life, how did you turnaround your situation?
 
What are some of your favorite traditions you and your SO have?
 
Guys who have keypad tones on, what is wrong with you?
 
How many of you have started peeing sitting down, just to check your phone?
 
What's the creepiest you've ever UNINTENTIONALLY been to a woman?
 
How do chimps get so strong eating leaves and yet I need so much meat and nutrient rich food only yo get to like 40% chimp strength.
 
Just started seeing this girl. She's super into me and attractive but she has hundreds of male fans all trying to get with her. How do i not let the constant attention bother me?
 
How much does the mere glimpse of a woman’s ankle or unkempt locks incite you into a sexual frenzy?
 
Let’s be honest, why are you NOT a good catch?
 
Guys who pee on the seat of the office toilet and then don't clean it up, therefore creating a situation where someone else literally has to clean up your piss. What was the moment in your life that made you into the failure you've become?
 
My best friend died this morning. I really need advice on how to tell his mother.
 
Men who have been/are in relationships with survivors of rape, did you experience issues with physical intimacy and how were these overcome?
 
What's a strange rule your household had while growing up that you have a hard time breaking even now when you're an adult?
 
Why do you think shorter men face discrimination because of their height? I didn't know this was a thing until last night.
 
I'm 23 and my dad just died suddenly, what do I do?
 
How do you "dirty talk" your woman? [Serious] NSFW
 
Men who have your shit together, what does your daily routine look like?
 
My dad died 6 hours ago, how can i get past this?
 
Have you ever weighed yourself pre and post shit? What was your biggest shit?
 
What was it like living alone and then suddenly living with a long-term significant other?
 
We've had plenty of "How do I become comfortable with being single" posts. But what about the opposite? How do you motivate yourself to be social and bond with others when you have no problem with being absolutely alone?
 
Guys if your S/O asked you if you could change 1 thing about them what would you say?
 
What is the male equivalent to having a "life laugh love" sign in your place?
 
What is your favorite boob or butt related gif?
 
What's the dumbest thing you've seen someone do that led them to not getting a job?
 
What's the smoothest thing a girl has said/done to you?
 
How many Costco muffins could you eat in one sitting?
 
If your neighbor is playing on her iPad and you ask her “What are you doing on your computer?” and she replies with “What’s a computer?” what would you do next?
 
Men who know how to install Linux, how much pussy do you get?
 
Why do people tell men to simply be confident like it's such a simple task?
 
I'm uncomfortable with escalating things physically with a girl unless she makes it extremely clear that she wants to. How can I get over this?
 
I just checked my pocket for my phone, while with the other hand, was browsing Reddit on my phone... in what minor ways does your brain betray you each day?
 
Hey men. I don't think you get enough credit for your lovely physiques. Here are the observations of a twenty year old lady.
 
What was normal in your family that you later found out was something not every family did?
 
How common is it for men to call, text, or Facetime each other just to casually talk?
 
Guys/Gals of Reddit. How can I politely tell my GF that I don't enjoy her BJ's
 
Which one of you is the 400 pound guy hacking the US Government?
 
Men in committed relationships: how often do you get crushes on other people? How do you react?
 
What's the female equivalent of "being a gentleman" when dating?
 
My girlfriend complained that I used too much garlic for dinner last night. What has been your most reasonable excuse for homicide?
 
Wife/GF: “What are you thinking?”
 
What's the point of other candy bars if we already have Snickers?
 
I just put on pants for the pizza guy on Friday night. What are you fine gentlemen up to?
 
What am I supposed to do with my bottom arm when spooning my gf????
 
How do women's vaginas feel different during penetrative sex?
 
When did you last have a weekend to yourself?
 
What would you do if your girl wanted to be celibate after a year of sex?
 
Another man gave your SO a foot massage, what do you do? Aside from throwing him out a window.
 
How does someone recover after accidentally insulting their boyfriend’s penis?
 
How do guys check out a girls cleavage? Do you notice it?
 
What did a female coworker say or do to you that would be considered inappropriate if roles were reversed?
 
My friend that I was in love with committed suicide due to a losing fight with cancer, what do I do?
 
"WHAT DO YOU THINK OF" posts are now FORBIDDEN
 
What made you realize life was not fair?
 
At work today, I was told "man up & take that jacket off". What are some other arbitrary/stupid "manliness rules"?
 
Why are we attracted to Breasts?
 
What do you think is the leading cause of men deciding to end their own lives, and what can be done about it?
 
Married men of Reddit, what are little things you do to make your marriage better?
 
You're meeting your girlfriend's parents for the first time. What is the worst icebreaker you can think of?
 
What would you think if the girl you’ve been dating gave you a topless Polaroid photo?
 
What is the strangest thing you've done where you've actually gone "what the fuck" in hindsight?
 
How to respond when a girl send you pussy pics?
 
Men in their 30s, how do you find the motivation to focus on your own hobbies, take interest in home chores, have a social life, be healthy and spend quality time with your partner, all while doing a 40hr/week job?
 
I have to put my dog down tomorrow. What can I do for him for today...his last day on earth?
 
What do we do with people who don't accept Die Hard as the greatest Christmas film of all time?
 
What's something women *think* men like, but they actually don't?
 
[UPDATE] My car battery died, so I walked to the nearest tire place and the most beautiful guy came to help me jump it. He told me to come get the new tires that I desperately need tomorrow. How should I make the first move?
 
Which NSFW subs do you frequently browse?
 
How to fight occurring periods of wanting to go no-contact with everyone?
 
What's one fact about you that you are reasonably certain no other man of AskMen could also claim?
 
Alrighty, what's the most depressing, single man meal you've made?
 
After my first week of working out in years, i proceeded to pull a leg muscle while having sex, then powered through only to fart during climax. What is your favorite weird sexual experience?
 
What 3 books have you read that you think expanded your mind? Changed your view of the world? Had the most knowledge?
 
College students of reddit: what major has the WORST students (which major's students can you not stand) and why?
 
Why can't I listen to my wife?
 
How many 6-year-old's do you think you could fight before being overwhelmed?
 
How to create instead of just consuming?
 
Dating profiles: What's the female equivalent to holding a fish?
 
What are some things your SO does that makes you feel desired?
 
Could you date a girl that smokes cigarettes? Why or why not? Is this a big deal?
 
What's one personality trait of your SO that only you get to see?
 
What's the best way to approach family boning?
 
Any advice on how I can be strong and how to keep moving forward?
 
I left a pineapple under my friends dorm room pillow. Now that it's winter break, he mailed me a piece of pizza from across the country. How do I respond?
 
NO VALENTINE'S DAY GIFT POSTS
 
[NSFW] What's an NSFW subreddit that needs more attention?
 
What's something that women tend to think only women experience, that men experience too?
 
How would you react if a girl brought you food on a first date?
 
It's free PornHub Premium day. Which video do you guys recommend so that I make full use of this day?
 
What suprised you about women's bodies?
 
What is the worst pizza topping and why is it pineapples?
 
As far as horseback riding goes, what’s the general consensus? Yay? Or Neigh?
 
As I enter my late 20's it's becoming more noticeable how flawed my parents are as people and their many weaknesses. Is this something you just accept?
 
What was a girl's worst reaction to you trying to kiss her?
 
How many of you men use water to clean your buttocks after taking a dump?
 
We have a sticky thread discussing masculinity as well as its toxic variations. What do you think are examples of toxic femininity and what can women and men do to reduce instances of it?
 
I just turned 25. I'm having a bit of a quarter-life crisis (as pathetic as that sounds). How do you deal with getting older and having missed out on so many things in life?
 
I like spending time by myself. My girlfriend thinks it's her, but actually I just enjoy being alone sometimes. How do I manage this?
 
Besides sex, What's the most intimate moment you've had with your SO?
 
How creepy would you find it if a girl you're seeing left you a care package on your doorstep when you weren't feeling well?
 
Mod Post: "Journalists" are taking your content
 
People who have considered themselves "wasted potential" at one point in life, what have you done to get past this feeling?
 
Single mom with a question. My son is very depressed by the fact that he has no father and wants to quit playing baseball because he's jealous of other little boys and their dad's. What can I do to help him?
 
Guys, how would you feel about a girl you've never spoken to asking for your number?
 
What is the Basic Bro equivalent of hanging up a "Live, Laugh, Love" sign?
 
One of my middle school students is so sheltered he actually thought apples were white because that's how they look every time his maid prepared them for him. What's the most first world thing you've witnessed?
 
What sexual encounter with a girlfriend do you most regret?
 
My teenage self would be appalled on how many baths my wife and I take together to relax and don't result in sex. What things would your teenage self not believe?
 
Dual-income no kids: what’s life like for you?
 
Men of AskMen, when was the last time you self checked for testicular cancer?
 
Guys who don't re-rack your weights, what was it like to grow up in a wolf pack?
 
Men who use body spray in a gym change room: Where did your parents go wrong?
 
I can’t figure out how to delete my search bar memory on Microsoft edge, and it suggests porn often. I’m giving my sister my computer tomorrow, please help me with this predicament
 
What is the optimal way to spread cold hard butter on bread without damaging the bread?
 
Why do we see ourselves better-looking in a mirror than in a picture? How do other people see us?
 
When did you realize you weren't "with it" and that they had changed what 'it' was and 'it' seemed weird and scary to you?
 
What's the rudest thing a girl has ever said to you?
 
My balls just dunked into the water of a toilet bowl for the first in my life. Reddit, how do you handle micro-existential crises?
 
What's so great about eating ass?
 
My boyfriend decided this morning he wanted to wear a pink shirt, so he got a pink shirt. I on the other hand, spent over an hour deciding between two identical white blouses. Men, how is it you can decide so quickly, how?!
 
How much time do you and your dog spend greeting eachother when you return from work?
 
How do I get rid of my girlfriends expectation to Skype with me literally every night when I go to sleep?
 
How do you start seeing yourself as a sexual being (and getting others to see you as such)?
 
Guys, how did you meet your SO?
 
I just found out my subreddit is still addicted to the "My *[relation]* does *[meme behavior]*, how do I break up?" format of shitposts. How do I humanely cull the userbase?
 
I found out today a new friend puts Ice in his beer. How do I break the news to him that it's not going to work out?
 
(Nsfw) Men of reddit who statred to give oral and realized it was beyond foul, what was your next move?
 
Men, what are you "old-fashioned" about?
 
What is something your SO does that makes you feel “Manly”?
 
My fiancé just ended our relationship. Of two years. What do I do now?
 
How important is it to you that your S/O is physically fit?
 
Do I take a guitar with a wasp nest in it to the exterminator or the guitar shop?
 
What is something every girl should know about relationships?
 
I scored a date. I know shouldn't have but on a whim I found her twitter account, and its the most obnoxious thing I've ever seen. I don't want the date anymore. How to proceed?
 
What do you think about women that ask the same old "What do you think about women that make the first move????" threads every single day? Is not being able to use the search function a turn off for you?
 
Do you ever get bothered by how much of your life is now computer usage?
 
Why don't men get as much of a thrill over fictional romances as women do? Men fall in love too, so why don't they enjoy a good love story? And if you do, what are your favorites (TV, books, movies)?
 
What's the most romantic thing you've ever done for a grill?
 
Guys, how do you feel when you're getting your hair stroked by someone?
 
Why do Americans guys use lube to masturbate? (if they in fact do)
 
Men who are dating to or married to extremely hot women, what problems do you have to face?
 
Caught my girlfriend going through my PC and phone, how to handle this?
 
How do you deal with that girlfriend's girlfriend who is always single yet gives "useful" advice that clearly sabotage your long term relationship while your girlfriend considers her BFF?
 
One of my friends just got a chain wallet. How do I help him?
 
What hobby or interest did you underestimate the amount of depth to until you had an SO who was into it?
 
Men, which do you like better: marriage, or the movie 'Predator'?
 
What would you do if a deaf girl asked you out?
 
How do men not just give up?
 
Why does it feel so good to block little kid's shots in basketball?
 
How would you react if your partner wrote you a letter explaining that they were turned on by “mole play” and that they really really want to, paint the bedroom walls black, buy a couple of hyper realistic mole suits, turn out the lights and get “subterranean on your ass”?
 
We need to vote more.
 
I went to Taco Bell yesterday, ordered at the drive thru, paid for my food and absentmindedly drove off without my food when they handed back my debit card. What dumbfuck thing have you done recently?
 
How do you find a girl that shares similar values/belief/maturity?
 
What was the hardest adjustment you had to make when you first moved in with your SO?
 
Those of you that stopped actively looking for a girlfriend and decided to just have fun and commit to self-improvement, how did that go?
 
ASKMEN TRASH TALK THREAD
 
How do I avoid having a crush with every pretty girl I meet?
 
Let’s brag about ourselves today. Why are you a catch?
 
Anybody ever feel like they've "outgrown" their longtime friends? How did you handle it?
 
Men - how do you like to be romanced?
 
Straight men, what was your “gayest” moment so far in life?
 
Men of askmen, what advice completely upped your game when it came to giving oral sex?
 
Girlfriend is moving in soon, what advice do you have for a guy who's never lived with a girlfriend
 
When you're hanging out with a female friend, what can you do to make clear that you're NOT a couple?
 
What were the most important things you learned in your 20s?
 
Guys, I woke up and saw a spider on the covers. It moved and I can't find it. What do I do?
 
People who leave the cabinets and drawers open in the kitchen: How do you live with yourself?
 
What's a good online browser game I can play with my girlfriend?
 
How did you meet your pet?
 
When do you tell your partner (romantic partner) you are a superhero.
 
What is the best compliment you have ever received?
 
How do you know your dad could kick my dad’s ass?
 
I will be setting up a male support group at my university for my fellow peers. If you could or do go to a male only support group what would you like to be discussed there?
 
In Your Opinion, What well known man is a good model for modern masculinity?
 
What are some misconceptions about being an attractive guy?
 
How often do you do self checks on your nuts?
 
How do you deal with not having many friends or a girlfriend in your life?
 
For guys who didn’t have much success before, what did you do/change to start attracting women?
 
Hey men of reddit, what is the dumbest thing you have done for a girl, that you later regretted?
 
I asked a guy out...
 
What thing does your wife/girl friend hate about her body that you find attractive? What do you hate about your body that she finds attractive?
 
I constantly get comments on my skinny physique. How do I respond in a funny but appropriate way, both professionally and socially?
 
My boss says, "Never apologize. It makes you look weak." What is your opinion of this advice?
 
What makes a girl more of a friend than relationship material?
 
I'm about to turn 25 and I still feel like a 15 year old. How can I grow up?
 
How do you guys feel about someone telling you to watch your language around women?
 
Men who are shy, how can we tell if you're NOT interested in dating us?
 
My mother just died, what do i do?
 
My gym has a female janitor in the men's locker room all the time now. How do you feel about something like this? And about the double standard?
 
You discover your dog can talk and he has nothing but negative things to say about your SO, how much would his opinion sway you?
 
What's the worst ways in which you've seen social media affect the women in your life?
 
Men of Reddit, what is the best piece of info/advice in regard to women you’ve acquired from a woman (even post from r/AskWomen, we’ve all been there)?
 
Men, I just found out I can no longer drive alcohol due to health reasons. What can I order at the bar other than water and soda?
 
What's the weirdest thing you tolerate about your partner that you secretly think no one else would be able to?
 
What do you hate about being a guy?
 
What are some signs that a new relationship will last?
 
My whole life i wanted to be TRex, but now that im older with a degree ive come to realize there is 0 demand for the Tyrannosaurus Rex. What the next best thing i can do and why?
 
Dudes who drive around shirtless, where are you going? And what happened to your shirt?
 
To the people posting "Mothers Day" questions every Sunday
 
I just walked in on my wife eating bacon out of a bowl with a fork. What do I do?
 
Guys, what has the filthiest thing a woman has ever said to you been?
 
What is the most cringe-worthy thing a girl has done on your first date?
 
How did you handle realizing you may not like your parents for who they are?
 
Do you boil Carrots or have them raw when intending to dip them in hummus? I think she's taking this argument to an unreasonable place.
 
What's the appropriate amount of time to wait before eating someone on a desert island?
 
Men of Reddit, what makes you respect one girl more than the other?
 
I thought this was askMEN. NOT askmenandwomen. Why do we let this happen?
 
What is the most accidentally insulting thing you've ever said to a woman?
 
Men, how obvious is it when a woman is sexually attracted to you?
 
What's the fastest time you've hooked up with someone you just met?
 
Single men, what do you feel is holding you back from getting a girlfriend?
 
Men of reddit who claim to be ugly, what makes you believe that?
 
What's something you're ashamed to admit is attractive?
 
I 19[f] want to wait until marriage. Will any guy ever want to date me?
 
Men who've [removed] [removed] how has [removed] [removed]?
 
What does it feel like to have a girl love you?
 
I’ve lost a lot of personal motivation in life after after getting into a long term relationship...if this has happened to you, how do you get past this?
 
Males between the ages of 21 and 29, if you were in a Starbucks on a Tuesday afternoon between the hours of 1pm and 3pm, how would you want a 5'4" woman of a comparable age with moderate-length auburn hair to tell you she thinks you are handsome without actually speaking to you?
 
[UPDATE] I never gave a blowjob before, should I tell him? Should I ask him if I can give him one? I don't know wtf I'm doing.
 
If you ever lived your life in "auto-pilot" mode for a while, what came out of it?
 
Men who were in a seemingly perfect never ending relationship, what caused it to end?
 
Men of Reddit, what do you really look for in a pizza?
 
What's been damaging your self esteem lately
 
I am the girl with the booby question from a couple of days before?
 
What do you regret not doing in your youth?
 
What do you think about AskMen having age-group flairs?
 
Men of reddit who cheated death by missing a flight, calling in sick, missed bus. What happened? Did it change the way you live your life?
 
I'm recently single now and ready to work on myself. But what the hell does "working on myself" actually mean?
 
Men who work in female dominated fields. Do you experience sexual harassment at work and how do you deal with it?
 
What’s one weird thing your significant other does, that you now accept as normal?
 
Do any of you guys ever go through a nihilistic slump where nothing matters and there no reason to anything?
 
Coworkers think I'm weird because I don't have office decorations. I am weird and they are onto me. How do I decorate my office?
 
I share a cubicle wall with someone annoying, who among other things, plays music loudly through a bluetooth speaker. Rather than deal with this maturely how I can subtly mess with this person?
 
Was your SO "there for the futon and instant noodles?" How did she support you if so? How do you express your gratitude now that things are better?
 
Guys who didn't enter their first serious relationships until later in life (Mid-Late 20s & beyond)...what were some of the pitfalls to being a "late bloomer", and how did you overcome them?
 
Men that made an honest mistake at work that resulted in a co-workers injury or loss of equipment that costs several thousand dollars how did you cope with it?
 
How can I stop crying when being reprimanded?
 
What is the question in your relationship that had you answered honestly would have been the beginning of the end?
 
Guys who have accidentally knocked out your girflriend/wife, what happened?
 
WELCOME TO SUMMER REDDIT: NOW GO OUTSIDE
 
What’s the worst thing you’ve said to your SO in anger?
 
How the fuck do I buy an engagement ring without knowing my girlfriend's ring size?
 
Why the mindset that being in a long-term relationship is the end of fun?
 
How do you know if you're an attractive man?
 
Married men, could you give a young guy about to get married some advice/tips on how to be a good husband?
 
Married men of reddit, are you still (sexually) attracted to your wife?
 
How do I politely tell a girl I don't want to be friends?
 
How do you guys deal with touch starvation? Are there any ways to simulate hugs?
 
Men with no friends, how is life going?
 
Men, how do you deal with the "I'm always right" syndrome in relationships?
 
Men who took their wife's last name after marriage, why did you make this choice and how has it affected your life?
 
What should 'being in love' make you feel?
 
Men, what are some common dating mistakes you've seen girls make?
 
Men who have experience with both rich and poor culture/social circles, what are interesting and unexpected differences that you noticed between the two?
 
How do you deal with the need for physical affection if you are not in a relationship or have any close friends?
 
What has your SO been mad at you for that you had no control over?
 
When I am sweet to girls, they think I am crepe. What do?
 
What's an adult problem nobody prepared you for?
 
[Update 3] My car battery died, so I walked to the nearest tire place and the most beautiful guy came to help me jump it. He told me to come get the new tires that I desperately need tomorrow. How should I make the first move?
 
What’s the funniest/dumbest thing you once believed due to porn?
 
Great Men of Reddit, What are your tricks to live like a king on a budget?
 
Guys of reddit, how would you feel dating a girl with no friends?
 
Fellas, how should a complete coward deal with a "scary movie date"
 
I don't really have many guy friends and I've been told by reddit to treat guys and girls the same to make more guy friends. The problem is - I've noticed that what works to make friends with girls doesn't work with guys. Is it just me or are my reasons legitimate?
 
College Dropouts, how are you doing now?
 
How many men feel women need to start asking guys out more often?
 
Who is the worst couple you know, and why are they so terrible?
 
Why is it better when a woman swallows?
 
Office workers of AskMen who don't have their phones on silent and get dozens of texts an hour, what are you going to do in your own corner of hell for eternity?
 
Men who found love after giving up on the idea of ever finding someone, what's your story?
 
I believe paternity leave should be equal to maternity leave in terms of time, pay and rights. What do you think?
 
Straight men of Reddit, would you have gay sex for a lightsaber? [NSFW]
 
Single guys who live alone, what is your life like?
 
Guys who are over 50 feet tall, how does it feel being able to have any woman you want?
 
What are the pros and cons of raising a son vs a daughter?
 
Wife was raped while we were together a year ago and just told me now. How do I sort out all these emotions?
 
Which Gif or Meme never fails to make you chuckle/giggle/laugh ?
 
Guys, what's a creepy thing women do that we might be unaware of?
 
What do you think of a girl who has no social media?
 
What's your favorite NSFW gif? (NSFW)
 
Let's be brutally honest, what do you hate about how society is right now?
 
What "bro science" do you swear by?
 
How do you stay interesting as an adult?
 
If your wife was going away for the weekend, and you had the house to yourself for three days what would you do?
 
*UPDATE* So I've got an abnormally attractive woman acting clingy after one date. How would you proceed?
 
What societal pressures are there on men to 'man up'?
 
What's the worst decision you ever made that, despite all odds, turned out wonderfully?
 
What do you wish you didn't have to teach your SO?
 
Men who simply don't enjoy watching wildlife documentaries, why? Ever feel like you're missing out?
 
Mod PSA: So this totally "crazy" thing happened to me which I really want to talk/brag/rant about, but I have to ask a question or else the nazi mods will pull my post so how's your day going?
 
I would like to ask out a waitress, how can this be achieved without coming across as a creep?
 
what "rookie mistakes" do you see others making in their relationships?
 
What’s something you want to tell your SO but don’t dare to?
 
Men, do you ever have those times where you're very social and can keep a converstaion, then on another day it's the complete opposite to the point where you're stuttering just to think of what to say?
 
How the hell do y'all pee? Apparently everything I've ever believed is wrong.
 
How many of you can’t piss while wearing khakis without it looking like you’ve pissed yourselves?
 
What have you guys decided on as your purpose in life?
 
Students who developed good study habits later in life when they previously had bad habits or none at all, what did you do? Do you still have trouble or are worried you'll slip back?
 
"All my guy friends constantly bust each others balls. It's a sign of affection. The more a guy likes you as a friend, the more comfortable he is to give you a hard time. Guys are excessively formal and polite around guys they don't trust." Do you feel like this is in any way true?
 
I'm that trans woman who neglected to tell her BF and I asked you all for advice. Did you guys want an update?
 
Using your dick as a catapult, how far can you throw something?
 
When you were a young pup, did you tell your parents when you had a crush on someone?
 
Men, if you're being brutally honest - what thoughtless things have you done that probably upset your SO lately?
 
(Nsfw) what is the most vile, gut wrenching, morality splitting "would you rather" question you can think of?
 
What do you wish your SO had told you *before* moving in together?
 
“What's a not gay way to ask him to go camping?"
 
Yesterday I asked a thread asking where you guys saw yourself in five years, and a good number of the replies said "dead". How prevalent do you think mental health disorders are among the men in your lives, and what are some steps we can take as a culture to improve this?
 
What does it feel like for a man if a woman tightens her vaginal muscles during sex?
 
What have you learned from your past relationships?
 
Enough with post about girls. I just want to say I bought a back scratcher the other day and it's made me happier than any girl ever has.
 
What is a harsh truth most of Askmen refuse to accept?
 
If you could have sex with a supernatural being from any mythology, which one would it be?
 
What is one thing that guys literally want and is fucking disgusting?
 
What do women do that make you say "WTF?"
 
A couple of years ago, I wore a suit and tie to an interview for an entry-level position at Home Depot. On the day of, I felt like a million bucks. Looking back, however, I feel like I looked like an ass. Is it possible to overdress for an interview?
 
How to respond to guy saying he's not attracted to me?
 
Men of Reddit, when do you know its time to go to a therapist.
 
Do people actually go up to complete strangers at the coffee shop or in the grocery checkout line, have some witty banter and then go out to dinner? Or have I just been watching too much Seinfeld?
 
We always hear the negative aspects of being an adult but what do you enjoy about adulthood?
 
Men who dated/are dating or married to models or very good looking women, what was/is it like?
 
What do I do about my roommate jacking it (loudly, with sound effects) when I'm obviously not sleeping?
 
What was the best and the worst response you received from your partner during/after you had sex?
 
My female friends advised me that I shouldn't shower my boyfriend with so many presents because men do not like to be taken care of like that...men, is this true for you?
 
My girlfriend died. How did you deal with this?
 
What tips and tricks did you wish you knew in your early 20s?
 
Askmener /u/IFUCKGRILLEDCHEESE whose pregnant wife has been kept on life support to allow their son a chance is now a daddy
 
Men who've realised they've let a good woman go and regret it, what made you realise that?
 
Why does toilet paper fall out of my guy friend's pants?
 
Guys, I just got rejected and the girl said "You are literally everything I want in a guy but you aren't good looking enough" I know this is cliché af but how am I supposed to feel?
 
Has a 'white knight' ever said anything to you?
 
People who actively worked on themselves before getting into relationships, what did you do and achieve?
 
In futurama the professor goes from age 140+ to 50 and remarks that he then needs a fake ID to rent ultra porn. What do you think ultra porn would be like?
 
How did you get over the fear of “someone better” being out there for you?
 
What are some deal breakers you never would have imagined until you encountered it?
 
What do you hate most about other men?
 
Old men of Reddit: What was the key to your successful marriage?
 
What interesting sexual habits did you came across when you were in a relationship?
 
What "subtle" thing women do is actually really obvious?
 
Men in your thirties who are living a "prolonged youth" – enjoying life, your hobbies and your relationships without kids or other extra responsibilities – what are the drawbacks to your lifestyle choice?
 
What do women do that they think is romantic, but men actually find cringey?
 
What male stereotype would you say is the furthest from the truth?
 
(NSFW) If your cum got everything pregnant that it touched, what type of weird monsters would you add to the pile ?
 
How do I hold myself accountable and make myself get off my ass and do what I need?
 
Where do you see yourself in 30 minutes?
 
Why won’t men approach some women?
 
Couples who married young (18-21), how is your marriage now?
 
Guys of reddit, what is something you'd like to get off your chest.
 
What do you do when a friend in your close group likes you but you don't like her back?
 
Is there someone who keeps coming back into your life (in either a platonic or romantic​ sense) but due to extenuating circumstances, your friendship/relationship with them doesn't work out? What is your story?
 
Men that have felt 'catfished' on a first date from someone they met online, what's your story?
 
Men who were always called by their last names instead of their first names by friends, what does your partner call you? Is it weird to decide on what name they should use?
 
What is the most cringe worthy thing a guy has done in this sub?
 
You meet a girl on a date and she's significantly less attractive than her pictures suggested. What's the tactful way to handle this?
 
My wife wants me to act like her ex-bf in bed. I'm lost for words.
 
Who's the edgiest person you know and what gives them the title?
 
My neighbors have been complaining that I wake up too early. It's my first apartment. How do I handle this situation?
 
What is something about the male perspective on dating that your female friends don't understand?
 
Women of AskMen, what is the most interesting fact you've learned from reading AskMen?
 
Men, how do you balance college, work, social life, family life, physical health, clean home, and like 30 hobbies?
 
Male introverts, what do you do all day ?
 
Should I stop worrying about finding a girlfriend and instead focus on enjoying life with the eventual goal of finding a girlfriend?
 
What's your favorite porn sub on reddit?
 
For you married guys out there, did you, and when did you, stop fantasizing about your wife? Has sex changed for you?
 
What can a male do to maximize their attractiveness?
 
THERE WILL BE NO "NO NUT NOVEMBER" POSTS HERE
 
When was the last time you felt appreciated?
 
So I've been single for 8 years and sexless for over 10 years, it's having a huge effect on me mentally. How do you deal with this and stay confident/happy?
 
Guys who married their first and only sexual partner, do you ever feel like you missed out on the "bachelor" life and if so, have you ever expressed these thoughts to your partner? How did they react?
 
Do guys ever think "That girl is too much for me?" If yes, how so and why?
 
Why don’t nice guys just go for nice girls?
 
Too many threads about relationships on here, single men, sound off and tell us how its going
 
What’s the most important realization you’ve made about women?
 
Men on OkCupid, does it suck for you as much as it does for me? Also, if you could invent a better app, what would be different about it?
 
I'm dating a vegetarian, but I don't know what to make her. What are some of your favorite vegetarian dishes?
 
What have you (men) done in long term relationships (longer than 5-10 years) that kept the spark alive, made her feel desired, loved, and not like she was being taken for granted?
 
What's a good movie portraying men / masculinity in a positive way?
 
Men, how have you dealt with the trauma of enduring an unwanted kiss, ass slap, or other similar types of sexual assault?
 
What is the most emasculating thing a woman has ever said or done to you?
 
Guys of Reddit, how would you feel if you finally met up with a girl you’d been chatting with and the first thing she did was walk up and kiss you?
 
Guys who watch camgirls, what is the point?
 
Guys who have had overly jealous gfs/bfs/SOs, what’s the craziest or most mundane thing your partner has gotten jealous about?
 
People's who's SO have cheated on them how did you find out and how did you react upon finding out?
 
What is a widely-spread piece of dating advice that in your opinion is garbage?
 
How would you feel about 1hr naps being allowed at your work place?
 
What's the weirdest thing you've jacked off to? (NSFW)
 
How many of you guys get turned off if a girl tells everything to her friend?
 
What goes through your mind after sex?
 
Seeing the kind of questions that are often asked in this sub, how do some of you guys even survive?
 
Guys who once sucked with women but now are great with them, what basic things occurred & had to happen?
 
Sexy Men of Reddit, what sex position exhausts you the most?
 
How do you deal with people taking digs at your height?
 
Wife says this is a giraffe, I say it's a cow; which one is it reddit?
 
Do you ever buy clothes because you'd really like to be the kind of person who wears them but then feel weird about it and never actually wear it?
 
Dont be shy now, but what is the top item in your fuckit list?
 
My girlfriend hates Taylor Swift. How has your SO been a massive disappointment?
 
So...I got my girlfriend to move out. Want to know what happened?
 
How do I develop a thicker skin and not let people get to me?
 
Men who are single, and do not want to be single, but aren't dating: why?
 
When did you have to cut a person you cared for out of your life?
 
How often do you guys get screamed at by your girlfriend/wife?
 
What was that thing a girl did to completely melt you? Physically or emotionally?
 
How afraid are you of aging / getting older, and for which reasons?
 
What are some signs that you need to take a break from dating?
 
Men who browse askwomen, in what ways has your view of women changed?
 
What are two conflicting viewpoints that you hold?
 
What is the most offensive thing you've ever said?
 
Men who's exes left them for another woman, how did you take it?
 
Men who got their degrees later on in life, how much success did you find?
 
Married men of Reddit, what was the first thing that came to mind when your wife walked down the aisle during your wedding ceremony?
 
What career certifications helped you the most and how difficult are they to attain?
 
What are your thoughts on your significant other being able to track your location?
 
What conspiracy theory do you either secretly or openly believe?
 
How do you differentiate a natural fading of lust in a LTR from an actual and irreparable lack of sexual desire that would be fatal for the relationship?
 
My fiance (female) is clearly a better farter then me. In frequency, length and smell, she destroys me. What are some other ways to assert my dominance?
 
What normal things do you guys do, that you do for abnormal reasons.
 
My husband gets teary and emotional during certain movies/TV but is so embarrassed by it. How can I Signal it’s OK without making him feel more singled out?
 
What would you like to say to that girl that's on your mind?
 
If there was a national men's march, what issues would be at the center of attention?
 
What NON GENDER double standard annoys you the most?
 
What skill unrelated to your profession would you want to learn or improve at?
 
How useless are you at telling a girl likes you?
 
What's the worst/best pun/dad joke you know?
 
Guys with lots of female friends, how?
 
Guys who left an SO for someone else, what was your experience like and was the grass greener?
 
What are some green flags? Some dead give aways that the girl will propably be awesome?
 
A fellow Airman next to me is arguing with a restaurant's waiter, because he thinks their Veteran's Day complimentary meal isn't big enough. What's the most embarrassing behavior you've seen from a coworker?
 
What message/lesson from Romantic Comedies do you think men should explicitly ignore?
 
What's YOUR sandwich recipe?
 
The king of Swaziland currently has 19 wives. He gets to pick a new one every year. Why do/don't you wish you were the king of Swaziland?
 
Fellow ugly men of reddit, how did you come to term with your ugliness?
 
I'm 46, single, and just purchased a 2 bedroom condo. How bad would it be if I allowed my elderly mother to be my roommate? Would I be considered undateable?
 
How can women be better advocates and more supportive of men's mental health?
 
How can I stop being attracted to high school girls? 28/m here
 
Do you get envious when you see bigger more lengthy decks?
 
How do you end your phone calls with your mates?
 
Gay men of AskMen, how do you feel about boobs?
 
I just finished reading yesterday's post, and now I'm very curious: men, what do women think you DON'T care about but you actually DO?
 
Dudes with a "PM_ME_YOUR_..." names, what have your results been like? What have been the worst/best responses?
 
Men who went from being lazy to truly self-disciplined, how'd you do it?
 
For those who felt "empty" as teenagers, how did you feel?
 
I deleted my facebook about a month ago, I find my self caring less about bullshit and feel way better. What changes have you guys made in your life recently no matter how big or small that made you feel better?
 
What is the coolest "guy stuff" that I can buy on Amazon for $30?
 
What was your experience dating someone who has a disease/condition ( anything from herpes to cancer )
 
Men who didn't start dating until they were 25+ y/o: Which problems did you run into, and how did you handle "catching up"?
 
How many goats could you feasibly hide on your property?
 
[throwaway, don't upvote] Do other men want to swallow their sperm after masturbation?
 
What is your favorite "stare out the window of a moving train and feel existential" song?
 
My friend told me I was asshole for ending the date with a woman because I didn’t met her requirements to have sexual relationship with her, How do I persuaded my friend that what I did was right for me ?
 
Ripped guys, how do you stay so shredded?
 
So yesterday I [26] was engaged to a girl [25] I had never met before. It was arranged by our parents(pretty common in India. I'm okay with it, and don't have any complains there). How do I break the ice?
 
Men who have successfully transitioned from college to the working world, what things did you do to make your life after college a success?
 
What's a feature/quality of your SO you secretly find unattractive?
 
Guys what do you do in a situation when you accidentally rip a huge ass fart in front of your female coworker?
 
What is your personal favorite grooming tip?
 
What do you look for in a girl, necromancy-wise?
 
What's your secretly shallowest dealbreaker ? ( from askwomen )
 
What are some perks of being taller than some girls?
 
What are the weird quirks of being a man that women never think about?
 
Dudes who have under appreciated jobs:
 
Men who are experienced at sex: what is something about sex you wish you had been taught/told rather than discovered?
 
Any other men sick to death of too loud, too crowded bars?
 
How often do you judge a girl's name when meeting her?
 
What’s the one thing you’d want anyone to know at the lowest point in their lives?
 
What was “the scandal” at your high school/college/job?
 
I'm always told I could have any guy I wanted. So why am I 30 years old and still single?
 
How do you deal with that feeling that you've wasted a lot of time in your life?
 
Does anyone else think getting married before 25 is just kind of... insane?
 
Why do so many girls think that if a guy wants sex, that means he only wants sex and nothing more?
 
I cold-called a company in my area, and asked for an interview so I could get some sources for a school project. And I got invited to a board meeting with politicians and executives in the field. I have never been in a position even remotely like this. What do I do?
 
Why is it that some men often come off as oblivious to the fact that they're handsome and the fact that someone is attracted to them?
 
Men, do you feel happier/more satisfied in life when you’re single or in a relationship?
 
What would you do if your girlfriend said this to you?
 
Men of Reddit, what is something you struggle with that women don’t understand?
 
What feminine things have you guys picked up on from hanging with your GF or friend that happens to be a girl too much?
 
What is your very mild super power?
 
My girlfriend's cat is getting put down in a week, how do I give that cat the best week of its life?
 
Men with daughters, at what age will my little girl stop letting me give her a big hug in front of the school when I drop her off?
 
Men who have never been in a romantic relationship, how do you remain confident?
 
MOD POST: WE DON'T CARE WHO YOU VOTED FOR, NO ELECTION BULLSHIT IN ASKMEN
 
When you meet a girl (that you are interested in) is it better to come off like a nice friend or to flirt from the start?
 
What is the most cringe-worthy thing you have said to a girl?
 
Fellas, what’s the deal with girls who like horses seen as a red flag?
 
<----- #OF PEOPLE WHO HATE RAMPAGINGKOALA
 
How many of you consider your dad to be your hero?
 
What routine have you recently started that you wish you had done sooner?
 
How do you plan to fuck up your 2018 before it begins?
 
My boss (F 60s) told me “most men don’t read” when she saw me reading. What’s the most ridiculous generalization of men you’ve ever heard?
 
From what sexual position do you receive the most pleasure?
 
How could your dad beat up my dad?
 
Gentlemen: When are you intimidated by a woman?
 
MOD POST: NO PERSONAL ATTACKS OR HARASSMENT
 
Do you go into first dates with a loaded gun? Why or why not?
 
I just walked out of my third "We'll employ you to buy our product and sell it to other people" interview. They were super sneaky this time and waited until the end to tell me the position. Men, what do's and don't's do you keep in mind for finding a job?
 
What made the best kiss you've experienced so great? What happened?
 
How would you dress for a job interview held on a Friday? Bearing in mind that it’s a business casual setting and casual Friday
 
My daughter is coming to me to help me find her a husband.
 
Men of Askmen, how do you get people to start respecting you?
 
Men who gave a brojob: what is your lifestory?
 
What is a trait your ex had that is now a deal-breaker for future partners? And why?
 
Let's talk GREEN flags. What are some early (1-3 dates) signs that the person is the real deal? [stolen from AskWomen]
 
Reminder: Any "DAE"/yes/no/"is this normal" questions will be removed
 
We have 400k users. As a reward, we are the AskMen mods. Ask Us Anything.
 
If I gave you around $2500, and stipulated that you had to spent it all by midnight tonight, what would you spend it on?
 
Girl tried to play me, I rejected her, my roommate said I was an asshole. I disagree.
 
What was the best comeback you came with in the shower after you already lost the battle?
 
[NSFW] How does it taste and feel to make a peanut butter sandwich?
 
What "good" advice is actually terrible advice?
 
Lenin is a game played by an adult and one or more kids. Lenin lays down on a bed and pretends to be a mummy, kids quietly serve as Guard of Honor at the entrance to the Mausoleum (bedroom). Fathers of Reddit, what games did you invent to get your kids to do something?
 
As a single male, how often do you get physical contact with someone else?
 
What makes you undateable?
 
What changes moved you from living paycheck to paycheck to being financially comfortable?
 
Men who got married because "it was time" and "the relationship is easy", how is your relationship with you SO now?
 
What are some "green flags" to look out for when dating?
 
Which good shows that have come out in the past 2 years are worth watching?
 
How can a guy dress slutty?
 
[Serious] Men of Reddit, when do you stop pursuing a girl?
 
How many of you got shafted on father's day?
 
Men of Reddit, what are some do's/don'ts when meeting your girlfriend's parents or family for the first time?
 
What double standard grinds your gears?
 
German People of Askmen, how is the dating in germany?
 
Have you ever walked away from having sex with a girl after she took he clothes off, because you didn't like her body?
 
What is it about doggy that men like it so much?
 
how can i lose feelings of embarrassment and anxiety when i am naked?
 
Men of Reddit, what experiences do women have that you wish you could do/have?
 
What is a good stay at home date?
 
Men, what romantic gestures have you been given that stuck with you?
 
Men, what first clued you in that a certain woman was batshit crazy?
 
Millennials, how do you feel about being in the least religious generation ever?
 
Why is peeing outside so awesome?
 
Men of Reddit, what are some of your groomzilla and/or groomsmen horror stories.
 
Guys in their 20s with vasectomies, how have women reacted when you told them you have had a vasectomy?
 
What are the reasons you won't approach a girl you're REALLY interested in aside from her being taken/married?
 
When did you grow out of your "drinking phase"?
 
Stolen from ask women, what NSFW male lifestyle hack can you share?
 
Do "Gluten Free" tags on items that could never possibly contain Gluten enrage anyone else?
 
What are some red flags to watch out for in daily life?
 
When going down on girls, is it just customary to also lick their butthole?
 
What types of "red flags" do you see in yourself, and how do you go about correcting it?
 
My girlfriend recently died in an accident, how do I get past it?
 
Other than "nothing", what is the sexiest outfit you have ever seen a woman wear (in person)?
 
My girlfriend was raped. Are there any guys out there who can advise how to get through this? (NSFW)
 
Guys do you notice when we look at your crotch?
 
Men, how often do you see women who are reasonably attractive in your every day life?
 
Men who occasionally or often cum early during sex, how do you and your partner deal with it?
 
It's 8am and I'm drunk. What are your best coping methods for a broken heart?
 
How do I handle a bully at my job?
 
I've come to notice that my boyfriend makes a very specific face when he's thinking about boobs--do any of you know you do the same/have had that pointed out to you by others, and if so, what does it look like for you?
 
What's an unattractive personality trait you have that you refuse to change to become more dateable?
 
What's the most brutal thing you have done or said during a job interview?
 
So I was invited to a party by this girl I’m involved with, but she also invited another man I know she’s talking to. Anyone ever been in a situation like this and if so, what did you guys do?
 
Men who dress well on a reasonable budget, what’s your strategy?
 
Going on a date with a girl WAY out of my league - how do I avoid royally fucking this up?
 
War has broken out on planet Earth. You must join the faction of your college major or your trade. How do you wage war and how fucked are you?
 
Admit it. What are you waiting for that won't happen?
 
Guys who hit the gym, how did the increased physical strength affect your everyday life?
 
Guys of Reddit: What is the most awkward/uncomfortable way a girl has hit on you?
 
Does sex feel like a performance to you?
 
What are some unwritten rules you follow while texting a woman you’re attracted to?
 
What do you admire most about your mom?
 
My wife has attempted suicide several times over the years. I am thinking it is time to leave her and try to start my life over. I know she will kill herself if I divorce her. What do I do?
 
How do I cope with losing my baby to sids.
 
Women of ask men, being honest, what do you want to know about men?
 
Your GF wants to watch porn with you. Which genre do you show her? (NSFW)
 
When dating do you guys find most girls just plain boring?
 
How can you tell if a woman is checking you out?
 
How do you deal with difficult periods in your life when you have no outside support.
 
A cute girl grabbed my arm and said I was very funny after I performed improv. My co-workers claim that that was a prime meet cute moment. Any advice on how to go from "thank you for the compliment" to "may I have your number"?
 
What's something people commonly say to make men feel better, but it only makes you feel worse?
 
There's a scene in Life Is Beautiful, where the dad is hauled off for execution by the Nazis in the camp, while his son watches from hiding, and the dad acts all goofy and winks at his son, to make him feel better. I cry like a bitch every time I watch this scene. What movie scenes break you down?
 
What .gif never fails to make you smile?
 
Fathers of Reddit, what can your daughter's boyfriend do to make a good first impression?
 
Why is traveling viewed as so attractive and why do we emphasize it in dating and social media? Does it really make a potential partner more attractive?
 
When have you found out a friend wasn't actually the good guy/girl in their relationship stories after all?
 
Dating rule: "Who cares least wins." How did we get here?
 
What's the most bro thing a teacher has done for you?
 
What is the stupidest thing you've done in 2017?
 
What's the most random missed connection you've had with a girl?
 
Do you sing the word "nigga" when listening to music?
 
How old is too old to be having sex in a car?
 
Aside from blowjobs, what small everyday thing can a significant other do to make a man not feel taken for granted?
 
What's the worst thing your SO has ever said to you? Not an ex but a current SO.
 
Men, how do you deal with the possibility you might be single forever?
 
Men, whenever i bake a pie the bottom of it turns out all soggy, how do i remedy this? (Dont upvote)
 
Men whose SOs have anxiety, how does it affect you?
 
Fuck being humble. What do you want to brag about?
 
If your SO asked you to cuddle naked, would you?
 
A guy has told everyone that he has been having sex with my girlfriend. All I have is her word against his. What do I do?
 
I just watched a couple park their car in the fire lane, throw on the hazards, and head inside to do some shopping. The car was still there 25 minutes later when I left. What's the best way to handle this in the future?
 
I can't get attracted to a fat girl and I feel like a jerk. What can I do?
 
How much did getting a girlfriend/boyfriend affect your happiness levels?
 
What is one exercise every man should be doing and why?
 
UPDATE - from the girl who sent her bf a singing gorilla as a thank you for the orgasm.
 
I have a co-worker named Mark and every day I use a new name/make a pun based on the name Mark. I'm starting to run out, so what ideas do y'all have?
 
Former overweight men of askmen, what unexpected changes did you notice when you lost the weight?
 
Do you wish you had more hugs in your life?
 
"Modern males can be deeply unhappy and unsatisfied with their place in the world, and have no clear idea how to fix it." How much do you agree, and what's your personal solution?
 
Hard mode question: Men who asked their S.O to marry them and got a no or no answer. How did it happen?
 
What do you do at the gym if you've never been before?
 
I am an East Asian guy dating a White girl who is a weaboo, how can I talk to her about how uncomfortable it makes me?
 
Gay men: How do you feel about straight men at gay bars?
 
Does anyone else find "Real men" do xyz posts a bit annoying and slightly manipulative?
 
When you "read between the lines" on somebody's dating profile, what do you really see?
 
What's the cutest thing you've seen a woman do?
 
What dates have you guys gone on where it started off really good, but then had an unexpected turn for the worse?
 
What's the best relationship advice you've received?
 
That eternally single friend of yours - what's keeping you from setting them up?
 
When did you lose your youthful optimism for your future and realize that your life is going to be pretty average?
 
What observation have you made that isn't socially acceptable to talk about?
 
Many beards start out poorly, but grow into masterpieces. What are some predictors of a good vs bad beard?
 
Men with no waifu, how is your laifu?
 
Men, how do you explain to your SO it's not about the sex? (but the romance)
 
I'm a girl moving in with 3 guys for University. Shared house. Any tips on what to expect/what to talk about before we move in together?
 
Men, because I am a male I feel like I'm inherently creepy in any action I take towards women, even simply looking at them in passing. For those of you who don't have this perspective, what tips do you have to help me see past this?
 
Men who make 100k+ a year, what do you do?
 
What attracted you to a woman that caught you off guard?
 
How do I tell the girl i'm seeing I can't smell
 
How meaningful would it be to you if a woman (other than family/SO) called you good-looking?
 
What is something women do in relationships that they shouldn't?
 
How often do you absolutely vow to floss after your dentist appointment, and how often do you end up actually flossing?
 
How do I know what this guy wants because I’m too scared to be an adult and use my words to have a simple conversation with another human being?
 
What porn category/fetish do you find strange and are not sure why it exists?
 
Gay men of Reddit: What percentage of the men you know do you want to have sex with?
 
What’s a good thing about yourself you keep secret, and why?
 
Men who had kids after not wanting them for years, how's that working out for you?
 
Has anybody here ever had their "relationship intuition" proven right? What happened?
 
What’s the furthest you’ve ever drunk teleported?
 
What is something you have changed your mind about recently?
 
What's something you learned from Reddit about women ?
 
Men who are happy with their significant others, what is a flaw of your partner and why is it not a deal breaker in the end?
 
Men who have driven fire trucks, how cool was that?
 
What is your unpopular opinion about men?
 
Guys of Reddit, what is something women do that either ruin sex or make it unenjoyable for you?
 
What is the biggest coincidence you've experienced?
 
How many otters can I have before people started looking at me like that crazy otter guy?
 
Which "signs that a guy likes you" are absolutely horseshit?
 
On pizza night, how many slices do you eat for your dinner?
 
Men, what is your least proud fap of all time?
 
Would you prefer to be able to run at 50 mph or fly at 10 mph?
 
Fellow men, are there any "yes" answers to asking a lady out that just sour you instantly on the date?
 
What embarrassing thing did you do and hope no one will ever find out?
 
What quality about your SO turns you on instantly?
 
What things you wouldn't have guessed about women, until you started dating?
 
Men who explore abandoned buildings and other locations. What’s the craziest/scariest thing you’ve stumbled upon?
 
Men of reddit, what are things girls think you care about but actually don't?
 
I'm so fucked... wrong text to the wrong person...
 
I've had primary custody of my 15 year old son for 3 years. He called me today, to tell me he wanted to try living with his mom for a semester. Can someone please tell me how to feel, or what to do?
 
Does seeing a girl's asshole during doggystyle make you uncomfortable?
 
You arrive home at night with a girl you just met. What music do you put on?
 
What's so great about dumb ol' Texas?
 
Men who have won custody of their children, what proof did you have to prove the woman unfit?
 
What is an immature or unrealistic relationship expectation that you've encountered or think is too common in today's society?
 
What are some fucked up things you've seen someone praised for?
 
How risky is it to ask a close female friend on a date? And if you ever did so, what was the outcome?
 
What cover song do you like better than its original version, EXCLUDING "Hurt" by Johnny Cash?
 
Am I wrong for canceling on a girl when she decided to bring her guy friend?
 
Why are shy/nervous men seen as cute/endearing in fiction, but not in real life?
 
7 months ago, I posted to r/askmen asking for a males opinion if an abusive man can change. I didn't listen to the advice, and paid for the consequences. I think others in my position should see this. [Original post inside]
 
Those of you who primarily go to chain restaurants when you go out, why don't you hit up your local places?
 
UPDATE: Wife who is making it right (in the bedroom)
 
Men, do you actually notice (or care) when your significant other puts in a little more effort in their appearance for date night?
 
why is twerking supposed to be sexy?
 
What's the most petty reason you've lost interest in someone?
 
What’s the biggest misconception about what a healthy relationship should look like?
 
My girlfriend has a black eye. How am I meant to deal with it?
 
What is something men are supposed to like that you don't?
 
Big Guys of AskMen, what are the pros and cons of crashing this plane with no survivors?
 
Gentleman, what are your thoughts on how relatively little support there is for abused men compared to abused women?
 
Married men, do you wear your wedding ring more than not? Or less? Why?
 
What is your most visited porn category?
 
I'd like to thank Everyone and ask a new question.
 
Fathers of Reddit, what's your "how I met your mother" story?
 
What did you not "get" until you experienced it?
 
How do I tell my friend he's a creep to women?
 
How to have the awkward "I'm taking this girl home, so I'm ditching you bro" conversation?
 
What are the signs you look for in your own life to indicate that you're ready for a new relationship?
 
[NSFW] Men, what wildly inaccurate preconceived idea of our anatomy have you encountered?
 
My boyfriend works a difficult labour job and comes home exhausted. What are some next-level creative things I can do to help him relax when he gets home?
 
What is the worst entrapment a girl has ever tried to pull on you?
 
Men dating someone famous, how's it working out?
 
How much does conversation matter in a relationship?
 
Men, when you're in a relationship, how do you know what the red flags are if you're colorblind?
 
Non-Americans, what is dating culture like in your country? How are relationships formed, and what are the bounds of physical intimacy inside and outside marriage?
 
What was the most racist encounter you had in a country you visited?
 
How do you not lose your boner when you have to put your condom on?
 
Would you rather have sex with a woman at your house or hers, and why?
 
